 Ranamita Datta 
C-25, Uday Nivas, Military Road, Marol, Andheri (East), Mumbai, India 9892164978 
ranamita.datta@gmail.com Web Content Editor 
Content specialist with in-depth knowledge in writing, editing and project management for web content services. 
Core Competencies 
Experience in content writing and editing for online content Excellent eye for detail with grammar skills and fact chcking Superior writing and editing skills to generate target-oriented product descriptions Proficient in leading a team, project planning and training Good verbal and written communication skills 
Sound organizational and interpersonal skills Strong proof reading skills, performing language edits and grammatical error checks Familiarity with the way search engine operates and ranks website pages Microsoft Word, Excel & Power Point 
Clients worked with: 
Jo-Ann Stores 
Art, Craft & Seasonal Decor 
Neiman Marcus Fashion & Beauty 
Hayneedle 
Furniture, Gardening Tools, Seasonal Decor 
Staples (USA) 
Office supplies, Office Furniture & Office Electronics 
Amazon India Electronics, Home, Fashion & Luxury Beauty categories 
CDW 
Mobiles, Laptops, Office Equipment 
Infiniti Retail (Croma) 
Television Sets, Laptops, Mobile Phones, Camera & Home Appliances 
Angara Jewels 
Precious Jewelry 
Work Experience 
Current Employer: 
Freelancing as: 
Content Editor: 
Writing and editing articles for blogs, blurbs for category pages, educational content, content for banners, tag lines and entire product description for the site. 
Training and mentoring writers, complete editorial and delivery checks. 
Communicating with freelancers, allocation of work to in-house writers and freelancers. 
UGAM SOLUTIONS PVT LTD., Mumbai, India 2012 
2015 
Ugam is a global leader in powering analytics for retailers, brands, and market research to achieve valuable insights. 
Team Leader 2015 Managed a team of writers and editors with multiple projects including Staples and Jo-Ann Stores. Liasoned with different teams including search engine optimization, cataloging and attribution. Completed documentation, submitted sample creations. Worked with cross-functional teams in different locations within India. 
Planning, scheduling and allocating category wise product descriptions to meet weekly deliveries 
Regular liasoning with teams across location for timely completion of product descriptions Assisting team members in obtaining relevant information and giving them regular feedback for generated descriptions Completing final delivery checks of product descriptions Liasoning with freelancers and vendors to ensure scalability of projects Editor 
Content Services 2013 
2014 Editing, mentoring and training writers to generate client specific content Creating guideline modules, training modules to benefit team members at various levels Editing product descriptions to ensure they possess the proper tone, flow to be in tune with buyers needs Writer 2012 
2013 Writing product descriptions for multiple clients across various categories including art & crafts, electronics, home decor, fashion, furniture and office supplies Create meta descriptions for Search Engine Optimization 
Adhering to client guidelines, maintaining the required tone and flow Meeting daily targets with excellent quality 
ZEE ENTERTAINMENT ENTERPRISES, Mumbai, India 2011 
An Indian media and entertainment company based in Mumbai, Zee operates over 15 different television channels Translator January, 2011 December, 2011 Translating Hindi and Bengali films and daily soaps to be aired on Zee Arabia, USA and UK from Hindi to English 
Sound knowledge of Broadcast Standard and Practices guidelines, rules and regulations Ensured that all daily shows were translated into English for broadcast in the United States, the United Kingdom, Mauritius, and North Africa 
TARA JEWELS PVT. LTD., Mumbai, India 2007 2009 
Worked on SAP platform, pricing jewelry, releasing orders, liasoning with the merchandising team and drawing invoices. 
Ambassador for Concern India foundation., Mumbai, India July, 2006 
Noveember, 2006. 
A Mumbai based NGO for the Underprivileged, physically & mentally challenged kids. 
Raising funds from sponsors like Ujala supreme, AFL, Videocon, Security agencies (Share market), etc. 
Visited homes of the underprivileged like the one for the mentally and physically challenged kids (The A.K Munshi yojna, funded by CONCERN INDIA FOUNDATION). 
EDUCATION 
M.Sc: June, 2006 from University of Mumbai 
Specialization/Major: BOTANY (Plant Biotechnology). 
December, 2010: Diploma in Executive Producers course from Zee Institute of Media Arts. 
Worked as an Executive Producer for a pilot episode for a leading entertainment channel which included handling casting, auditions, costumes, artist co-ordination, art direction. 
Projects and Events at ZIMA (Zee Institute of Media Arts): 
Participated in the 48hr short film fest project held at Mumbai as an Executive Producer for our film U-Turn. 
Completed a short film on mentally challenged people called NAZARIA as an Executive Producer. 
LANGUAGES KNOWN: English, Hindi, Marathi, and Bengali. 
