Auliana Rizky Wahab Jl. H. Muhyin I No.5 RT.05/06 Jatiwaringin. Bekasi. Phone +62 87889923912. 
aulyawahab@yahoo.com 
Marcom professional with 12 years of experience leading corporate marketing activities for multimillion-dollar companies in automotive industries. 
Conceptualize and orchestrate marketing campaigns that effectively reinforce and build brand images. 
Expert in the technical, conceptual and content development of marketing-driving collateral. Proven ability to drive record-high marketing activities and execute successful product launches. 
Skills 
Professional Experience 
VOLVO GROUP TRUCKS SALES & MARKETING - ASIA OCEANIA SALES REGION INDONESIA, Jakarta Multimillion-dollar company selling trucks and parts Event Manager for Volvo Trucks, Renault Trucks, UD Trucks, 1/2013 to 4/2016 Managed corporate event marketing activities, overseeing a IDR 4.5M budget. Developed event marketing activities for a variety of business to business customers. Direct event management, product launches, vip customers trips, exhibitions and marketing collaterals. 
Detailed responsibilities & accomplishments : 
Event management for Volvo Group Trucks brands, European segment with the aim of creating a lasting impression among customers and improving product sales and market share. 
Developed and launched integrated drivers development program with the aim of getting the most fuel efficient driver in each market company, started from qualifications to Asia Pacific and world final stages. 
Monitored market trends and oversees event and marketing activities to ensure the right message is delivered for each product brand. 
Led market launch of new products. Identified opportunities, researched new product possibilities, collaborated with sales team. 
Successful arrangements of VIP customer trips to Korea, Sweden, Thailand, France. 
Successful arrangements of Volvo Group Trucks brands presence in Indonesia Mining Expo 2013 & 2015. 
Leveraged strengths in cost-effective marketing management and vendor negotiations to end each year an average of 7.5 % under-budget (without compromising business growth goals). 
Marketing Strategies & Campaigns 
Corporate Communications Creativity 
Product Positioning & Branding 
Analytical and problem solving Persuasiveness and tenacity to sell ideas Marketing Collateral & Support 
Public & Media Relations 
New Product Launch 
MERCEDES-BENZ DISTRIBUTION INDONESIA, JAKARTA 
Multimillion -dollar company selling cars Event Marketing (Marketing Communication Division), 3/2009 to 10/2012 Developed event marketing programs for a variety of target customers. Used an integrated approach to create balanced programs for customers to keep and enhance brand position. 
Detailed responsibilities & accomplishments: Created and managed join event with brands that have the similar target audience and brand image. 
Created and managed partnership with relevant sponsors in event marketing and promotional activities. 
Managed and ensured event marketing executed in efficient way. 
Managed and ensured proper written briefing and direction to event organizer for any event marketing activities also managed event organizer to provide proper planning related to cost and timeline within sufficient time frame submission. 
Levered strengths in cost-effective marketing management and vendor negotiation to end each year average of 5% under budget (without compromising business growth goals). 
Measured the result of event marketing activities in comparison with the initial objective, made analysis, prepared the report and find solutions that can be applied for future reference. 
Successful launched of all new Mercedes-Benz, such as E-Class, G-Class, S-Class, B-Class. 
Successful arrangements of Mercedes-Benz brands presence in Indonesia Motor Show. ? MERCEDES-BENZ DISTRIBUTION INDONESIA, Jakarta Multimillion-dollar company selling cars Product Communication (Marketing Communication Division) 3/2008 to 3/2009 Developed creative communications for Mercedes-Benz product exposure on selected media tools. 
Developed concept for effectiveness ATL and BTL in various communication channels, campaigns and marketing collateral for diverse customers and projects. 
Detailed responsibilities & accomplishments: 
Managed and ensured proper written briefing and direction to agencies for any campaign also managed agencies to provide proper planning related to cost and timeline within sufficient time frame submission. 
Managed agencies in media selection and ads placement. 
Monitored the quality of ads insertion in media. 
Preparation of marketing collaterals and exhibition kits. 
Managed dealers ads to be in line with marketing guidelines and approved before insertion. 
Managed event organizer and suppliers in order to have successful product launches and good quality of Merchandises. 
Levered strengths in cost-effective marketing management and vendor negotiation to end each year average of 5% under budget (without compromising business growth goals). 
Auliana R. Wahab Page 2 
Phone: +62 87889923912 YAYASAN JAYABAYA, JAKARTA Educational Institution 
Marketing Manager Assistant, 1/2007 to 2/2008 Developed and managed creative marketing tools to promote the institution. 
Developed concept for event marketing activities. 
Developed and prepared the institution promotional materials, also managed the distribution of marketing collaterals/promotional tools: flyers, posters, banners. 
Developed content for radio ads and monitor the airing schedules. 
Public relations & Event Coordinator, 2/2003 to 2/2006 Assist management in defining objectives to increase public understanding and acceptance of the institution products, plans and policies. 
Developed media plans and monitored the insertions. 
Developed and managed programs of the institution. 
Engaged sponsorship and partnership with relevant parties. ? KOICA (KOREAN INTERNATIONAL COOPERATION AGENCY), JAKARTA - Korean Consultant 
Agency 
Assistant to Expatriate, 1/2001 to 12/2002 Maintained office systems, including data management and filing. 
Arranged travel, visa and accommodation, provide general assistance during presentation. 
Phone calls screening, organized and maintained diaries and appointments. 
Produced documents, briefing papers, reports and presentations. 
Liaised with clients, suppliers, business partners. ? Education 
UNIVERSITAS JAYABAYA, JAKARTA Bachelor of Science, 2000 
Major: International Relations 
Minor: Social & Politcal Science Graduated Cum Laude 
Auliana R. Wahab Page 3 Phone: +62 87889923912 
