LEO.M.BENCARLO
 
Email id: leoboy04@gmail.com Phone: 00(91)-7738015520 CAREER OBJECTIVE: 
To work in a challenging environment at which I can show my abilities along with improving and upgrading my skills and knowledge as part of the team that lead to personal and organization advancement. 
ACADEMIC PROFILE YEAR OF COMPLETION INSTITUTION % e M.Tech (Biotechnology) 
2013 PadmashreeDr.D.Y.Patil University, Department of Biotechnology and Bioinformatics, Mumbai (India) 
4.53/7 English 
B.Tech 
(Biotechnology) 2011 Udaya School of Engineering, Kannyakumari District, TamilNadu(India). 
7.33/10 English 
Higher Secondary 
Certificate 2007 M.G.M junior college of science (Maharashtra State 
Board), Mumbai (India). 
58% English 
Secondary School 
Certificate 
2005 St. Augustine high school(Maharashtra State Board), Nerul, Navi Mumbai (India). 
66% English 
ACADEMIC EXPERIENCE 
Areas of Expertise 
Food Technology 
Medicinal chemistry 
Bio-pharmaceuticals 
Cancer Biology 
rDNA Technology 
Immunology 
Biophysics 
Bioprocess Engineering 
Stem Cell Technology 
Computational biology 
Structural bioinformatics Trends in animal biotechnology 
Plant Tissue culture 
Genes and its interactions Cell Biology 
Hands on Training of Various Techniques 
SDS PAGE and Agarose gel electrophoresis 
Column chromatography Cutting edge molecular techniques and studied AFLP 
Single nucleotide polymorphism 
Site directed mutagenesis by PCR DNA Repair 
DNA Methylation, Protein Fingerprinting and HPLC Techniques 
JOB EXPERIENCE 
Place:-Equinox Labs,Rabale MIDC ,Mumbai ,Maharashtra, India. 
Department : Regulatory Compliance. 
Designation : Senior Compliance Officer Duration : July 2015 - Present 
Description: 
Learning Food Safety and Standards Authority of India (FSSAI) Regulation and Guidelines. 
Guidelines Study Such as GMP,ISO,HACCP. 
Product Testing in Microbial and Chemical parameters. 
Product Approval and Product Sensory testing for consuming foods. 
Client Meeting, Interactions and query solving sessions via webinars and seminars Documentation and the lab parameters protocol handling 
Place:-Wockhardt Research Center, Chilkalthana ,Aurangabad ,Maharashtra, India. 
Department : Upstream and Quality processing. 
Designation : Quality cum Research Analyst 
Duration :December 2012- May 2013(Intership) , April 2014 -November 2014. 
Description: 
Medium Quality check with optimization and fermentation of Recombinant E.coli. 
Productivity of desired protein. 
Inclusion bodies isolation and its purification. 
Quality analysis and Quantification of inclusion bodies. 
Performing the test/analysis following required and agreed methods. 
Supports material and process qualification by performing the required tests To check and measure the required Quality plan according to SOP s Handled High performance liquid chromatography (HPLC) and Gas chromatography (GC) 
Place : Biogenomics Limited, Thane, Maharashtra-400601 
Department : Regulatory Affairs 
Designation : Associate Executive 
Duration : July 2013 November 2013 
Description: 
Regulatory Dossier Preparation 
Regulatory Guidelines Study 
Quality Pharmacopoeia Study and Standard Quality Comparisons. 
To adhere to the GMP & GLP Norms, Drug and Cosmetics Act(DCA) and Indian Factory 
Act 1948 and ICH guidelines. 
Time Crunching 
Symposium and Seminars Participation 
Renewable Energy- Energy for the future held during August 19, 2008 by Govt. of India in Udaya School of Engineering, Tamilnadu,India. 
Clinical research in drug discovery process held during 22 January 2009 in in Udaya School of Engineering, Tamilnadu,India. 
Current trends in Biotechnology ( Biohydrogen-a potential fuel for future ) Paper presentation held during 26-27 February 2009 in Kamaraj College of Engineering and Technology,Tamilnadu,India. 
Biological Solutions for Environmental Sustainability (Icon-BSES) held during October 21-23, 2009 in VIT university,vellore, Tamilnadu,India. 
Application of Perl Scripting and Bioinformatics tools for Biological Databases (Workshop) held during 4-6 October 2010 in Karpaga Vinayaka College,Tamilnadu, India. 
Personal Skills: 
A team player 
Hard working with full dedication Self-Confident 
Frankly speaking Honest and straight forward Disciplinarian 
Lab Skills: 
Chromatographic Techniques (HPLC,GC) Electrophoresis 
Microbiology Lab Techniques 
Molecular Biology Lab Techniques (PCR, RAPD) Biochemistry lab Techniques (RNA, DNA & protein extraction, isolation, purification and characterization.) 
Computer and 
Programming Skills: 
AutoCAD HTML MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) 
Operating systems: windows XP/VISTA/07 Linguistic Skills: English (Medium of Instruction) PERSONAL DETAILS 
Name : 
Leo.M.Bencarlo 
Date of Birth : 09-08-1989 
Sex : Male 
Marital Status : 
Single 
Passport Number: L6774807 
Permanent Address : E1-2, C/10, SANJIVNI APARTMENTS, SECTOR-8, PHASE-II,Nerul, Navi Mumbai-400706,Maharashtra. 
Hobbies: 
Playing football, reading and listening to music. 
References :- Ms. Cynthia Joseph (Compliance Manager) Equinox Labs. 
Mob:- 00(91)-9920776146 E-mail id:- cynthia2624@gmail.com Ms.Priyanka Ruikar (Senior Executive) 
Biogenomics Limited. 
Mob:- 00(91) 8879606007 
E-mail id :- ruikar.priyanka@gmail.com 
DECLARATION 
I do hereby declare that the particulars given above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Place: Date: 
(Leo.M.Bencarlo) 
