M.P.MAHEERJEEN 
Contacts: 09980301158, 09900237212 Electrical & Electronics Engineer PROJECT MANAGER 
MEP E-Mail: maheerjeen@yahoo.com (mailto:elaval2002@yahoo.com) 
Seeking managerial level assignments in project and contract management with highly growth oriented organization. 
Professional brief Having core experience of 14 years in the field of MEP in Industrial, Commercial and Residential Buildings. 
Preparing cost work book at the project inception and maintenance / Tracking through the project. 
Strategic planning abilities to ensure the achievement of master project plan milestone 
Proactive approach in handling critical project stages as per client requirement within projected task value Ensuring on time deliverables within assigned budget and milestones as per agreed contract 
Disciplined and self motivated with excellent skills in handling multiple tasks and leading cross functional teams in parallel Handling complete MEP works for Industrial, Commercial and Residential buildings project throughout the lifecycle starting from the FEED engineering. Expertise in minimizing the punch/snag list issued at project handing over stage in line with Operational and Maintenance requirement. 
Job Responsibilities 
Contract Administration and 
Management 
Managing overall operations for executing projects related to construction of building within cost & time parameters Monitoring project with respect to budgeted cost, demand forecasts, time over-runs to ensure timely execution of project Finalization of requirements and specifications in consultation with client/Architect as well as Project scheduling including material and manpower planning. 
Anchoring on-site construction activities to ensure completion of project within the time & cost parameters and effective resource utilization to maximize output. Generate advance material requisition for ling lead material 
Highlight/Evaluate the additional work to raise the variation orders for further submission and approval from client Participating in project review meeting for tracking project progress & de-bottlenecking / implementation of QA/QC procedures as per norms & standards. 
Co-ordination with external agencies, clients, architects & consultants for determining technical specifications, approvals for execution & obtaining on time clearances during project phase Review of engineering drawings, technical specifications, cost estimates for change orders, work to achieve quality control and safety measures. 
Finding the critical path which may delay the progress and adopt corrective 
Raising monthly progress invoice to maintain the positive cash flow through the project execution 
Preparation of Minutes of meeting, Progress Report, and Quality Report. 
To monitor and ensure the successful initial & final testing and commissioning of all equipments/systems within the scope of work as per contractor and further maintenance till final commissioning. 
To satisfy/comply with final snag list of client prior to final handover Career contour 
A N Prakash Construction PMC Private Limited, Bangalore, Karnataka, India 
Since January 2013 till present. Working as a Manager MEP 
Project Handled: 1.Army Welfare Housing Organization, Bangalore. 
2. Azven Breathe, Bangalore. 3. Entaxk, Bangalore. 
4. Harsha , Bangalore. 5. Mantri Serenity, Bangalore, 6. Life Republic, Hinjewadi Pune. 
7. UB City, Bangalore. 8. Gangam, Kukke. 
Manpower Handled: 7 Engineers, 25 Contractors 
Reporting to: Project Director 
Job Description: Advise the Project Director of any technical aspects of the mechanical services that may affect construction progress, e.g. quality or snagging. 
Continually review the contractors construction schedule during the progress of site works with regards to MEP services and report to the project Director on the same. 
Manage the day to day work of the MEP team. 
In conjunction with the document controller, ensure that the filing/logging of the MEP documentation is undertaken in line with the project handbook and continually monitor the same. 
Advise on all issues regarding LEED and ensure that the appropriate documentation and information is provided to the appropriate authorities to obtain the LEED standard required on the project. 
Take part in risk workshops and report any risks associated with MEP installations or general project to the Project Director. 
Review Contractors installation method statements. 
Review Contractors shop drawings against the design [tender] drawings for compliance with the design intent and return to Project Director with appropriate comments / approval within the specified contractual period (normally 10 working days). 
Review contractors mechanical shop drawing in conjunction with the structural and electrical engineers to ensure engineering co-ordination and advise the Project Director accordingly. 
Where required prepare technical clarifications to the tendered design to suit specific on-site construction and co-ordination issues. 
Review Contractors mechanical services material proposals against specified technical performance requirements and advise the Project Director on the appropriateness of the proposals. 
Review Contractors proposed sub contractor(s) associated with the engineering works from a technical standpoint. 
Undertake general project site observation / inspection of the mechanical services works for Contractors adherence to the approved shop drawings and Consultants specification, good working practices and construction schedule. 
Monitor and promote health and safety on the site. Record and report any breaches to the Project Manager. If required stop the construction works if unsafe practices are being followed. Be available to undertake off-site inspections of proposed equipment and materials as may be deemed necessary by the Project Manager. 
Undertake prior review of Contractors proposed mechanical system testing & commissioning methods and schedule. 
Witness on-site piped system pressure test, air conditioning duct leakage testing and other testing that may be required during the first fix works and advise the Project Director accordingly. 
On a spot basis, witness mechanical system final testing and commissioning. 
Review and comment on Contractors testing and commissioning results and advise the Project Director accordingly. 
Undertake final project snagging and prepare list of defects for Contractors action. 
Attend project, site progress and any mechanical services related technical meetings as directed by the project manager. 
Review and comment upon the Contractors Operation and Maintenance manuals. 
Attend project progress meetings. 
Chair MEP design team meetings, as required. Set up meetings to resolve specific site problems as required to minimize program delays. 
Review and approve Contractors as built drawings. 
Advise on long lead MEP items that may affect progress of the works. 
Monitor quality of the Contractors construction installations. 
Ensure that daily progress reports are produced with regards to MEP works. 
Tyco Fire & Security India Private Limited, Bangalore, Karnataka, India. 
August 2009 to December 2012. Worked as a Manager Project. 
Project Handled: 
1.Warda Power Plant, Nagpur. 
2. Mumbai Airport, Mumbai. 
3. Coca Cola, Bangalore. 
4. MRPL , Mangalore. 5. EIL, Mangalore. 6. Manipal Hospital, Goa 
Manpower Handled: 5 Engineers, 10 Contractors 
Reporting to: General Manager Job Description: 
Project execution End to End Responsibility. 
Handling all Documentation like TAC,TP,MIR,QAP,ITP,FQP etc., Involve in Project execution in Spray Automation Systems (MV-HV) like FA, DV, IRD, &LHS. 
Involve in Project execution in Clean Agent Flooding System. 
Total execution of project independent responsibility. 
Interaction with Contractors, Project Management Team, Clients, PMCs, Labourers. Preparation of monthly material requirement and get it to the work. 
Checking and keeping method of statements of all activities. 
Checking of specifications of all items as per tender document. 
Supervision made at testing of all materials & calibration reports. 
Supervision for Maintain the quality of work & safety issues. 
Preparing Monthly Billing for Tyco. 
Preparing / checking of the sub contractors Bill. 
Attending weekly meetings of clients and clarifying issues concerned with projects. 
Preparing of as built drawing and documentation works at the time of handing over. 
Firepro Systems Private Limited, Bangalore, Karnataka, India. March 2006 to July 2009 .Worked as a Senior Project Engineer. 
Project Handled: 1. HLL, Bangalore. 
2. Adarsh Developer, Bangalore. 
3. Vaswani Pinnacle, Bangalore. 
4. First face information Technology, Bangalore. 5. Microchip, Bangalore. 6. RMZ, Bangalore 
Manpower Handled: 5 Engineers, 10 Contractors 
Reporting to: General Manager Job Description: 
Monitoring the progress of the work day by day at site. 
Involve in Project execution in building management Systems like FA, CCTV, PA Access Control and BMS. 
Checking all the specification of the work related details and same to implement at site. 
Co-ordination of project with project manager, consultants, architects &site engineers. 
Preparation of monthly material requirement and get it to the work. 
Checking and keeping method of statements of all activities. 
Checking of specifications of all items as per tender document. 
Supervision made at testing of all materials & calibration reports. 
Supervision for Maintain the quality of work & safety issues at site. 
Preparing / checking of the sub contractors Bill. 
Attending weekly meetings of clients and clarifying issues concerned with projects. 
Preparing of as built drawing and documentation works at the time of handing over. 
Powerica Private Limited, Bangalore, Karnataka, India. 
January 2004 to February 2006 .Worked as a Project Engineer. 
Project Handled: 
1. HAL, Bangalore. 
2. IBM, Bangalore. 
3. RMZ, Bangalore. 
4. TCS, Bangalore. 
5. WIPRO, Bangalore. 
6. TVS, Hosure 7. Microsoft, Bangalore 8. GOLDMAN, Bangalore 9. FEDILITY, Bangalore 
Manpower Handled: Nil 
Reporting to: Project Manager Job Description: 
Execution of all types DG work. 
20kva 
2000kva DG commissioning. 
Commissioning & Service of all Types of Diesel Generator. 
Control cable wiring 
Attending trouble shouting Synchronizing 
Naseer Electrical Private Limited, Bangalore, Karnataka, India. September 2001 to December 2003 .Worked as a Project Engineer. 
Project Handled: 1. Lucent Technology, Bangalore. 
2. AOL, Bangalore. 
3. 24/7, Bangalore. 
4. TCS, Trivananthapuram. 
Manpower Handled: 5 Contractors 
Reporting to: Project Manager Job Description: 
Checking all the specification of the work related details and same to implement at site. 
Co-ordination of project with project manager, consultants, architects & site supervisor. 
Preparation of monthly material requirement and get it to the work. 
Attending weekly meetings of clients and clarifying issues concerned with projects. 
Preparing of as built drawing and documentation works at the time of handing over. 
Professional Affiliation 
Awarded prize in the college cricket tournament conducted among inter colleges. 
Passed the general knowledge test conducted by the readers research mind institute (RRMI) Software Expose 
Operating system : windows XL, 2007, 2010. 
Languages known : Basics, M.S.Office, Tally, C, C++, MSP 
Personal Information 
Fathers Name : N.Manas. 
Gender : Male 
Date of birth : 26.04.1979 
Nationality 
: Indian 
Marital status : Married 
Languages known : English, Tamil, Hindi, Malayalam 
Can under stand Marathi, Kannada, and Talungu. 
Other areas of interest : Reading, Music, Indoor/Outdoor games, Social activity. 
Driving License : DL No.13176/2005 
Valid period 01.10.2005 to 30.09.2025 Address for communication : #23,Batty House, Ravenna Layout, Anandnagar, TC Palya, 
Bangalore 560016. 
Mobile 9980301158 
Notification 
I hereby declare that the above informations are true to the best of my Knowledge. 
Date: 
Place: Bangalore (MAHEERJEEN M P) 
PAGE 1 
