Rishipriya Phone: 9666481366 Email:yrishipriya@gmail.com Objective To obtain a challenging and rewarding career in a dynamic corporate environment, seeking a position where my skills and varied abilities will be used effectively and to make each day at work learning one. 
Education Graduation B.Tech (Information Technology), Auroras scientific and technological institute 
Ghatkesar, Hyderabad Aggregate:62.48% 2014 Senior Secondary Narayana Junior College, Hyderabad. 
2010 Aggregate:71.5% Secondary S.S.C - Saraswati Vidyalaya,Nagpur. 
2008 (Maharashtra Board) Aggregate:79% 
Achievements 
Stood 2nd in State Level Classical Dancing Competition. 
Skill-set TECHNICAL SKILLS: 
Languages: C, JAVA. 
Testing Skills: Manual Testing Microsoft Office: Word, Powerpoint, Excel, Outlook 
Database: SQL 
Projects learn to personalized image search from the photo sharing websites (MiniProject): Increasingly developed social sharing websites, like Flickr and Youtube, allow users to create, share, annotate and comment medias. The large-scale user-generated meta-data not only facilitate users in sharing and organizing multimedia content, but provide useful information to improve media retrieval and management. 
Vampire attacks: Draining life from wireless ad-hoc sensor networks (Major Project): Ad-hoc low-power wireless networks are an exciting research direction in sensing and pervasive computing. Prior security work in this area has focused primarily on denial of communication at the routing or medium access control levels. 
Activities 
Experience Professional Experience: Presented a paper presentation on topic "Wireless devices" in third year at Tech Samprathi-2k12(National level students Technical Symposium) Attended 2 months training on .net and java. 
Experience of 17 months as Technical Support in 24/7 customer Private Limited, Hyderbad. 
Configuration and managing customers details Troubleshooting Internet, cable issues. 
Managing Modem and Router settings. 
Implementing Group policies on Users to prevent users from abusing network bandwidth and system resource. 
Trouble shooting Routers and tools. 
Performing backups. 
Installing and configuring new hardware and software. 
Personal Information 
Name 
Miss. Rishipriya 
Fathers Name 
Mr. Rajesh Yadav Date of Birth 
April 16,1993 
Nationality 
Indian Marital Status Single Languages known English, Hindi, Telugu, Marathi. 
Permanent Address 12-8-235/B, Mettuguda, near Ayyapa swami temple lane, Hyderabad. . 
I hereby certify that all the above information is true to the best of my Knowledge and belief. 
Rishipriya Btech(IT). 
