Sakshi Sharma 73, Agrasen Nagar, Aerodrome Road, Indore https://www.behance.net/sakshisharma90 http://crazycurlzs.wordpress.com 
9826130654 sakshisharma90@hotmail.com 
About Me 
Being brought up in a non metro city, I was exposed to a knit of culture and modernity. I m a careful observer and feel exuberance in detailing things. My education honed my creative skills and gave me an analytical mindset to see things in the realm of practicality. I m looking forward to work in a creative driven company/agency to seed exemplary campaigns which can thus magnify success of the brand. 
Experience 
Copy Writer at Isobar Digital Agency, Bangalore 
6 Months 
Feb 2016 Present 
Brand Portfolio: Myntra (Dressberry, Anouk, YK, Mast & Harbour), Sterling holidays, Nissin (Scoopies Noodles), 3M (Home Water 
Solutions) Responsibilities 
o Conceptualizing - digitally-led campaigns for different brands o Writing - across social platforms o Ideation and execution - Videos, Stitch videos, GIFs as alternative ways for the brand communication 
Achievements o Created content in different mediums like GIFs, Stitch videos, contests etc o Proactively created content buckets across platforms for different brands o Scripted and executed films for different brands. 
Copy Writer at Medulla Communications, Mumbai 12 Months June 2014 May 2015 
Brand Portfolio: Johnson & Johnson (Benadryl, Nicorette), GlaxoSmithKline (Cobadex), Madhavbaug, Living with Diabetes in India (LWDI), Stugeron, Tegrital, Novartis (Lucentis, Accentrix), Klimpass, Stemade 
Responsibilities 
o Ideation and generation of creative copy for different brands o Launch planning and copy creation for Accentrix o Consumer centric education content for J&J, GSK, Novartis 
o Involved in strategic and brand planning across consumer and pharmacy sector o Creation of customer sales booklet and internal communication for brands o Ideation and execution of interactive activities for brands like Stemade, LWDI on social Media. 
o RX Awards 2014: 4 Brands 13 Entries, involved in ideation and conceptualization. 
Achievements 
o Won silver in Abby s awards 2015 (In Direct Response Mobile Marketing For LWDI campaign ) o Won silver and award of excellence in Rx awards 2014 (Which includes AV scripts, Presentation Boards, Print Ads, Posters) 
o Wrote AVs and copy-pre-launch, launch and post-launch for different stakeholders of Accentrix. 
o Performed brand positioning and archetypes for different brands o Suggested names for new launches and patient access programs of several brands. 
Copy Writer at Purple Focus, Indore 12 Months June 2013 
June 2014 
Brand Portfolio: Mukti Foundation (Smita Thackeray NGO), DANONE Danette, Top N 
Town, THINC (Innovative Ideators Initiative) Responsibilities o Content Ideation and content creation for Mukti Foundation which includes video scripts, brochure and website. 
o Digital media content creation for brands like DANONE Choco Smoothie (French Dairy Multinational) to generate awareness leading into product trials. 
o Designing of core strategy and execution plan of THINC an interaction and co-creation forum bringing together experienced professionals and learning enthusiasts. 
o Conceptualizing Creative Solution to Marketing Problems for brands like Top N Town. 
Achievements 
o Content was well adopted by Mukti Foundation for their brochure, website, video scripts. 
o Involved in the core team for designing of a program called Me Mukti by Mukti Foundation 
A women empowerment initiative. 
o Formulated the social media content for DANONE Awareness through engagement on Facebook followed up by other social network engagement campaigns. 
o Proactively designed a booklet for DANONE as part of ongoing campaign Drink a Smoothie Be a Smoothie o Worked on campaigns for brands like Top N Town (Sales kit), Gujarat tourism (Print Ads for promoting Navratri Festival) 
Project Consultant at Google 2 Months 
Dec 2013 Jan 2014 Freelancing 
Deputed as subject matter expert Responsibilities o Content creation and quality assessment for existing digital assets o Apply metadata on new digital assets o Perform monthly content audits to ensure coverage and metadata accuracy o Work with SME s to ensure that they have the best and most up to date assets on the portal o Monitor enterprise channels for new assets and index new assets Achievements 
o Worked closely with marketers and specialists to understand the content requirements for different stakeholders o Wrote promotional content for various Google Apps o Content creation for more than 100+ assets in the deputed period o Strictly adhered to deadlines and completed the required work in estimated period 
I Lead India Fellow at Times of India, Indore 3 Months 
September 2013 November 2013 
Selected as one of the 5 fellows in Indore, through a highly competitive multistage selection process, from more than 20000 applicants for 125 positions across 26 cities in India. 
Project 
To facilitate the construction of Women Urinals in the key commercial zones of Indore City. 
Responsibilities 
o Conducted 50 interviews with women in selected commercial zones to understand the problems faced by them. 
o Meeting Government officials parallel to gathering support from Corporates and NGOs. 
o Strategic planning and formulation to gather mass support. 
o Execution of Awareness Campaign by organizing events, rallies, seminars, on ground activations. 
o Social Media Activities and Engagement like online signing campaigns, viral film to gather support online. 
Achievements 
o Wrote several articles in Times of India updating about our tasks. 
o Successfully finalized the Women s Urinal locations with approvals from Municipal board. 
o Gathered very strong support from the citizens of Indore and garnered over 1,000 fan s support on Facebook Page. 
Internship at 
9n10 Production House, Indore 2 Months 
July 2012 August 2012 Education Background 
Crafting Creative Communications (2012- 2013) 
Mudra Institute of Communications, Ahmedabad 
Master of Business Administration, Marketing (2011-2013) 
Indore Indira College of Career Studies, Indore 
Certificate Course in Creative Communication (2011) 
Genpact 
Certificate Course in Journalism (2010) 
Sophia Girls College, Ajmer 
Bachelor of Business Administration (2008-2011) 
Sophia Girls College, Ajmer 
AISSCE XII (2008) 
New Digamber Public School, Indore 
Leadership Positions 
NSS (National Service Scheme) Leader for 3 years (2008-2011) 
o Completed over 300 hours of teaching under privileged children o Conducted various workshops/rallies for adult education and aids awareness in villages Head Girl & President, Management Forum of Sophia College (2010-2011) Awarded the prestigious 
Matilda 
Trophy for All Rounder Student (2008-2011) 
Hobbies & Interests 
Dancing Choreographed several shows and won Choreographer of the Graduating Year. 
Writing and Reading Scripted award winning plays and short films. 
Traveling and experiencing varied cultures, some of which are Rajasthan, Gujarat, Maharashtra, and Kerala. 
References on Request. 
