 Azmath Mohammed 
Mobile # +91 9000407616 
Email : azmath.ullah@outlook.com (mailto:azmath.ullah@outlook.com) 
Career Objective Self-directed, Driven and Motivated professional seeking a career to put forth acquired skills and experiences, Out of a decade long career challenging various levels of opportunities to significantly contribute towards companys short and long terms goals. 
Work Experience 
March 2015 to Present working as Senior Business Development Manager - Manya Group Roles & Responsibilities : 
Ensuring profits for all 7 centers across Telangana. 
Business Seminar, Presentations and proposals. Planning and execution of all ATL & BTL activities. 
Marketing, Sales, Center manager Team Management 
Working on teams Plan vs Actual ensuring 90 percent achievements. 
Centers Sales & Servicing audits. 
Complete funnel management. 
Close working on source and work closely with it. 
Planning, Execution and management of all test drives in Hyderabad. 
Centers Pre Launch Activities and executions. 
Working on sponsorships to drive sales. 
Working on databases and filtering. 
Leads tracking, Qualifying and its management. 
Organizing various campaigns and Olympiads. 
May 2013 to Feb 2015 as Marketing & Communications Manager - HCHW 
Roles & Responsibilities : 
Handling complete business cycle and streamlining it. 
BTL visibility planning and executions. 
Branding and creative ideas supporting it. 
Effective presentations, proposals followed by its subsequent follow ups towards closure. 
Effective work on Team Lead tracking system , potential and prospective clients. 
Building & maintaining healthy business relations. 
Funnel planning and management. 
Client retentions Complete team management. 
Reports Generations and feedback. 
June 2011 to April 2013. 
Worked as City Manager - 
Winncom 
Roles & Responsibilities : 
Achieve Marketing and Sales operational objectives by implanting productivity, quality and customer service standards.Top of Form 
Presentations ,Proposal developments, Follow ups. 
Accomplishes marketing and field sales action plans.Top of Form 
Identifies marketing opportunities by identifying consumer requirements; defining market, competitor's share, and competitor's strengths and weaknesses; 
Forecasting projected businessTop of Form. 
Improves product marketability and profitability by researching, identifying, and capitalizing on market opportunitiesTop of Form. 
Sustains rapport with key accounts by making periodic visits; exploring specific needs; anticipating new opportunities.Top of Form 
Provides information by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing data and trendsBottom of Form. 
July 2007 to May 2011 
Worked as Manager Business Development Celestial Technologies Ltd . 
Roles & Responsibilities : 
Providing direction to the Business Development Department on a variety of business development activities to include proposal development, client relations, and account management. 
Placing qualified agents on in house implementation.. Close interaction with the project management team for project requirement. Forming teams for marketing and sales. 
Relationship Management. 
Networking with the consultants and client companies. 
Proposal, presentations and follow ups. 
Relationship Management. 
Prepare sales pipelines. 
Aug 2005 July 2007 worked as Team Leader for R TECH THE COMPLETE IT SOLUTIONS Hyderabad 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
New accounts acquisition, Lead generation & Closure. 
Converting leads to successful accounts. 
Creating and developing sales Pipeline. 
Follow ups , strive for satisfied customers and retentions. 
Maintain healthy group dynamics. 
Direct efforts to develop customer experience at the point of sales Assure that the team members have the necessary education and training to effectively participate on the team. 
Directing the sales team,businessdevelopment and identification of latestbusinesschannels. 
Academic Profile 2003-2005 
Master of Business Administration 
Osmania University Hyderabad. 
Major in Marketing and Human Resources. Dissertation on Awareness and Perception of student towards 
THE PRINCETON REVIEW . 
2000-2003 Bachelor in Computer Application Osmania University Hyderabad. 
A Distinctions holder. 
Dissertation on the TOWN PLANNING using visual basics and oracle 8 Personal Profile 
Name : 
Mohammed Azmath ullah Father's Name : 
Mohammed Barkat ullah Date of Birth/Age : 
23-may-1980 / 36 yrs. 
Religion 
: Islam 
Marital status : 
Married 
Languages Known 
: English,Hindi,Telugu 
Address : 
Plot No 123, Fort View Colony, 
Upperpally Express way pillar no 191, 
Hyderabad 500044. 
