HASSAM USMANI SALES & MARKETING PROFESSIONAL 
Mobile: 0332-3758456 
Email: hassam.ziafco@gmail.com Career Summary 
Objective 
A highly personable, competent, and team spirited professional with over 06years of experience in Sales with good brand names. Have sound experience in exploring& managing channels in order to derive the required market share, revenue and profit of the organization. Developing and implementing Sales strategies to meet business growth and profit objectives. 
Objective is to work in anexciting and professional environment of the organization with personal development and growth possibilities and to achieve companys goal through professional ethics, sincere commitment and hard work. 
Core Competencies 
Sales Management Strategic planning Key Account Management People & Team management Market research & Business analysis Negotiation & Communication skills Customer Care Analytical & Problem solving ability Business development Relationship building Professional Experience 
JAWAID BROSS LABEL INDUSTRIES PVT.LTD 
(August 2016 
Still Working) 
Marketing Manager 
Pricing strategies, balancing firm objectives and customer satisfaction. 
Develop 
Developing the marketing strategy for the company in line with company objectives. 
Co-ordinating marketing campaigns with sales activities. 
Overseeing the companys marketing budget. 
Creation and publication of all marketing material in line with marketing plans. 
Planning and implementing promotional campaigns. 
Manage and improve lead generation campaigns, measuring results. 
Overall responsibility for brand management and corporate identity Preparing online and print marketing campaigns. 
Monitor and report on effectiveness of marketing communications. 
Creating a wide range of different marketing materials. 
Working closely with design agencies and assisting with new product launches. 
Maintain effective internal communications to ensure that all relevant company functions are kept informed of marketing objectives. 
Analyzing potential strategic partner relationships for company marketing. 
ZIAFCO ENGINEERS & CONTRATORS 
(Sep 2012 July 2016 Date) Sales & Marketing Manager 
Establishes sales objectives by forecasting and developing annual sales plan for regions and territories. 
Projecting expected sales volume and profit for existing and new products. 
Accountable for the achievement of targets, revenue, expenses, and other business measurement. 
Periodic review of objectives, targets and plan on weekly, monthly and quarterly basis to make sure everything is as per plan and determine revised targets whenever required. 
Responsible for relationship management, overall management and control of business objectives for which assigned. 
Providing leadership and guidance to staff to ensure that business objectives and customer requirements are met. 
Develop business plan, forecast and assessment of risk and opportunities. 
Develop plans and strategies to create awareness and to educate customers about services and products. 
Responsible for development and marketing of Business Process Outsourcing i.e. within the country & international customers. 
Co-ordinate with intra-departmental and extra-departmental teams to ensure that business plans are successfully implemented. 
Focus on selling franchised products, turnkey solutions. 
Working experience on Company ERP for recording of inquiries and generation of quotations, pricing and report generation. 
Identifies marketing opportunities by identifying consumer requirements; defining market, competitor's share, and competitor's strengths and weaknesses; forecasting projected business; establishing targeted market share. 
UDL PHARMACUUTICAL COMPANY 
(Jan 2012 
Jul 2012) 
Sales Manager 
Accomplishes marketing and sales objectives by planning, developing, implementing strategic plans, trade promotion programs & developing field sales action plans. 
Ensuring operational services to the client are smooth, overseeing and making solutions including transportation of ordered goods, countrywide product reservations. 
Ensuring productivity, quality, and customer-service standards are up to mark, resolving problems, identifying trends & determining system improvements. 
Developing segment analysis, Pricing results, Demand & Supply optimization areas, trend analysis and regional business forecasting reports. 
Provide training to new comers regarding company products and features. 
Develop a complete territory sales cover plan for the year - to be discussed and agreed upon with management. 
Meets marketing and sales financial objectives by forecasting requirements, preparing an annual budget, scheduling expenditures, analysing variances& initiating corrective actions. 
Assigning sales targets to team and ensuring target achievements within timeline. 
PEAK FREANS (EBM) 
(Jan 2010 
Dec 2011) Sales Executive 
Sells products by establishing contact and developing relationships with prospects, discussing their requirements and recommending solutions. 
Ambassador of the company at trade shows topromote companyandbuildsales. 
Dealing with customer enquiries face to face, over the phone or via email. 
Achieving all sales targets& objectives in line with the Business Plan. 
Working closely with marketing team to produce any sales collateral required for the target market. 
Education Bachelors in Commerce 2016 
University of Sindh, Hyderabad 
Higher Secondary School Certificate (Science) 2012 Karachi 
Personal Skills 
Outstanding command over verbal and non-verbal communicative & interpersonal skills. 
Strong organizational, managerial, problem solving, interpersonal and negotiation skills. 
Confidently able to work independently or in a team to deal effectively with educators & employees. 
Flair to organize & prioritize tasks to meet deadlines. 
Ability to manage multiple projects with minimal supervision. business or marketing-related degree or equivalent professional qualification experience in all aspects of developing and managing marketing strategies technical marketing skills proven experience in customer and market research relevant product and industry knowledge Computer Skills Windows XP/Windows 7 Microsoft Office (MS Word, MS Power Point and MS Excel) 
MS Excel (MS Formulae, Reports Automation, Macros, Presentations w.r.t. Analysis) Reference 
Will be furnished upon request 
