MAYANK PAREEK 
Surat, India Gujarat +91 800-024-1861 / 888-032-4048 mayank_pareek@outlook.com in.linkedin.com/in/mayank-pareek-78a97b82 
Marketing Intern : KNOLSKAPE Solutions Pvt. Ltd. (Bangalore) 
I would describe myself as a passionate researcher having close to four years of professional and entrepreneurial experience in a variety of domains such as branding, people management, public relations, sales, market research, social media and content management, customer acquisition etc. A savvy team player as well as a dynamic leader who can spearhead high impact programs to enhance productivity of the company. Since I've worn the above hats in my professional career so far, I have a unique ability to manage multi-disciplinary projects and to navigate complex challenges. Lots of people have BIG ideas, but what matters is execution, I do that part too. I am the calm one, who runs towards the fire. I also love making new professional acquaintances, so reach out if you want to talk business, cricket, wrestling or movies. 
May - 2016 - Present Marketing Intern 
KNOLSKAPE Solutions Pvt. Ltd. 
My work at KNOLSKAPE has been much more than just a Marketing intern. Here I got an opportunity to work and explore more about the various departments of a successful company. 
I did an extensive market research project on understanding the UAE and Chinese markets. 
Developed a GTM Strategy for both the regions. 
Developed a marketing video for a new product by the company Translation and Transcription projects for various products Social Media Marketing by designing some banners and posters for company events Developed a thorough PowerPoint presentation on the client feedback with suggestion to enhance the client engagement and sales conversion rate Wrote some blogs and articles 
Achievements: 
Got featured in the Special Mention column in the company's newsletter 
Received multiple emails of appreciation from the CEO, CTO, VPs and Directors of the company for playing pivot role in multiple projects of departments other than marketing Aug 2015 - Feb 2016 Corporate Relationship Manager CrowdCore : The Marketing Club, Woxsen School of Business 
Through our marketing club, we as a team promoted 'Learning by Doing'. We organized marketing events such as conclaves, guest speaker sessions where I was responsible for coordinating with experts of various fields to have them on-board as guests lecturers and panelists for the events. Also handled social media profiles on platforms such as Facebook and Instagram. We developed 3 business plans and 4 case studies as a team for inter-college competitions and fests. 
Nov 2014 - Nov 2015 Director, Marketing and Business Development 
Win World Technologies 
Summary 
Work 
https://www.visualcv.com/xertyplt1xq 
WWT was my first entrepreneurial venture where acquiring new clients was one of my major roles. I was responsible for client handling and maintaining good work relations with them. I handled social media marketing for the company too. I also wrote content for some of the client websites. 
Apr 2013 - Sep 2014 Team Leader 
Aditya Intellectual 
It was a B2B lead generation process where I handled campaigns for companies such as DELL, IBM, HP 
Symantec etc. I was responsible for the allocation of work, setting daily targets and driving the team to achieve the same. I assisted in the hiring processes and was also responsible for training the new recruits. I helped the organization improve the quality of the work by overseeing the quality of the leads generated. As an effect of my initiative to enhance the quality, the company was able to improve the quality of leads, leading to the increase in approval rate. 
Achievements: 
Made a record of generating 54 leads in a day for IBM, highest by an individual Got promoted to the position of Team Leader within 6 months of joining Led team to complete one of the most challenging campaigns of HP in due timeI have been re-associated with the company as the Marketing & Business Development Managersince May'16. 
May 2012 - Jun 2012 Sales Executive 
Reliance Communications 
My role was to follow up with the qualified leads generated by the inside sales team and close them Assisting the senior executives in the field on visits to existing customers. 
July 2015 - June 2016 Post Graduate Diploma in Management 
Woxsen School of Business, Hyderabad 
Dropped out of the program after the 3rd Trimester (First Year) 
Jun 2011 - Nov 2015 Bachelor of Commerce 
Ambaba Commerce College, Surat 
Veer Narmad South Gujarat University 
Specialties : 
Market Research, Social Media Management, Marketing Strategies, Presentations & Public Speaking, Multi-lingual 
Activities : 
Write short film stories Write poems and blogs Teaching experience of 4 years (Std. IV-IX) 
Events: 
Represented College at BizExcellence, an inter college event at Uka Tarsadia University, Bardoli 
Led college in the event held by UDISHA in Surat 
Best Director & Skit Award in Inter College Skit Competition 
Scholarships: 
Earned Scholarship from Zee Institute of Creative Excellence (ZICA), Surat 
Institute of Creative Excellence (ICE) of Balaji 
Education 
Skills 
Extra 
Curriculars 
https://www.visualcv.com/xertyplt1xq Certificate Course in Language 
Franklyn Institute of Language, Howrah (Kolkata) 
Advance Diploma in Animation 
KeyFrame Animation Institute, Surat 
Behind me is infinite power, before me is endless possibility and around me is boundless opportunity. 
Certifications 
Belief 
https://www.visualcv.com/xertyplt1xq 
