Somesh Nahar Address:-MT-2 2033 Bachelor Hostel 
Bhushan Steel Plant 
Dhenkanal, Odisha 
Mob.7077757161 
Email: (someshnahar29@gmail.com/someshnahar@ymail.com) Career Objectives 
To hone my engineering and managerial skills for the benefit of the company with whatever I have learnt from the past with smart work. 
Work Experience 
Working as an "Assistant Engineer" in Hot Strip Mill (Electrical & Automation), since August 2013, at Bhushan Steel Ltd. 
Job Profile: 
Responsible for overall maintenance services and job planning related to instrumentation maintenance activities at site. Provide technical support on respective areas of reliability of equipment, risk assessment, corrective maintenance, and failure analysis, identification of gaps in maintenance systems and standardization of best engineering practices and communication of learning from incidents. 
Employment Summary 
Since Aug, 2013 
Bhushan Steel Ltd., Meramandali Orissa 
Electrical & Automation Department, Hot strip Mill-1850 mm wide Experience of working in Hot Strip Mill and Roll Shop. 
Execute Instrumentation Maintenance tasks of DCS, PLC, and analyzers of Field Instrumentation with quality. 
Shift In charge and Responsible for shift related problem and solution. 
Works over Siemens PLC-S7 System and Beckhoff logic system. 
Review maintenance activities, and prioritize critical jobs. 
Carry out scheduled and chance based maintenance of instrumentation equipment. 
Knowledge of field instruments like Proximity switches, flow switch, flow meter, Pressure Transducer, HMD, Pyro meter, Thermocouple, Position Transducer, Load cell, Encoders. 
Providing technical guidance, training to sub ordinates. 
Maintain history/ records. 
Data analysis of previous and find out more accurate solution to reduce down time. 
Project monitoring. 
Knowledge of operating CNC Roll Grinder Machine, Auto Loader. 
Made sure that equipment is checked regularly for safety reasons. 
Preventive and Predictive maintenance for optimum utilization and reduced downtime. 
Knowledge & Skills 
Project management. 
Understanding of Siemens, TwinCat, Siemens and Beckhoff electrical and automation Acquire a good knowledge of Project Planning & commissioning. 
To study the drawing. 
Manpower Handling. 
Team Management. 
Problem solving ability Good Communication Skill. 
Decision making & Manage to change. 
Has strong analytical skills, a self-starter and has passion for excellence and teamwork. 
Maintenance Jobs 
Scheduled maintenance of electrical and Instruments in HSM & Roll Shop. 
Scheduled maintenance of Waldrich Siegen -CNC Roll Grinding Machine, Auto Loader, CNC Milling machine, CNC Lathe Machine. 
Project of Auto Loader & Down Coiler Extension 
Installation for control panels, interfacing with IM module IO testing and optical fibre lying with Siemens Engineer. 
Installation for Programmable Logical Control (PLC) & Hardware with Siemens Engineer. 
Panel wiring termination according to drawing & fault analysis. 
Installation of limit switches, Proxy Captor, LPT, PT, Flow Meter, and Valve Connector, Proximity sensor, Laser Sensor and Encoders. 
Installation of Symeo Anti Collision System between Cranes & Loader which protect loader to collide with cranes. 
Installation of Laser Gate for safety containing Trans sender & Trans receiver. 
IT Skills 
Academics Qualification 
Courses/ Degree College/ Institute 
Board/ University Year of passing 
Percentage/ Aggregate 
B.E( Electronics and Communication Engineering) Sushila Devi Bansal College of Technology, Indore R.G.PV, Bhopal 2013 73.16% 12th A.M.H.S.SCHOOL M.P BOARD 2009 68.8% 10th 
M.V.M C.B.S.E 2006 57.6% 
Vocational Training 
Completed summer training in Advanced Telecom from, Bharat Sanchar Nigam Limited (BSNL) INDORE, during period, June 11, 2012 to July 7, 2012. 
Achievements & Certifications 
Attend the ECOMM-11 National Conference on Recent Trends in Electronics and Communication Technology held on April 8 & 9, 2011at Indore. 
Secured 2nd prize in district level M.B.D Talent Search Competition. 
Head of School Cultural committee. 
Attended in the HEXAPOD ROBOTICS Workshop conducted by IIT Roorkee. 
Certified in C language Programming by Online School Of Programming Pvt. Ltd. 
Industrial Visit to Bharat Heavy Electricals Ltd., (B.H.E.L.) Bhopal and Scientech Technology Pvt. Ltd. 
Conducted District level Quiz competition based on General Awareness. 
Projects Undertaken 
Major Project 
Developed Wireless Pick And Placed Military Robot Using TILT Sensor 
Instruct it for picking up of the explosive and transporting it to safer place. 
Designed to supervising the enemy territory. 
Programmed to move, search, grasp, lift, and put the explosive at safer point. 
Minor Project 
Designed and developed an Automatic Railway Track Switching System. 
Designed to avoid Collision between two trains running on the same track through Indicating Lights. 
Switching of track Operation is performed using Stepper Motor. 
Extra-Curricular Activities & Interests 
Travelling, listening to music, Playing Football, Coordinating & Managing Events. 
Strengths 
Strong Work Ethic, Dependability and Responsibility, Adaptability, Create a plan to achieve goals, Can work effectively in a group as well as an individual, Patience & make the situation better in worst condition. Good interpersonal Skills. 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the information furnished by me is true to the best of my knowledge and belief and that nothing material has been concealed. 
Date: 
Place: 
Somesh Nahar 
