Name: 
Mounesh Badiger 
Email id: mouneshbadiger1989@gmail.com 
Mobile: 9738252188 OBJECTIVE 
Seeking a quality environment where my knowledge and can be shared and enriched further, and zeal to learn and grow accordingly to contribute my best towards the organization. 
PROFILE SUMMARY 
A result-oriented professional with 2 year experience in PHP DEVELOPER. 
A highly resourceful, innovative and competent PHP developer with extensive experience in the layout, design and coding of websites. 
Possessing considerable knowledge of the development of web applications and scripts using PHP programming language and MySQL databases. 
Proven ability in improving operations, enhancing business growth by setting up infrastructure, project execution and service delivery. 
Gained exposure in all the phases of Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) entailing requirement analysis, design, development, implementation, delivery and troubleshooting. 
ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE 
DreamMediaTech : From Nov 2014 to Dec 2015 worked as PHP DEVELOPER SimhaGlobalServices : From 15th Jan 2016 to Still Date worked as PHP DEVELOPER. 
Functional Skills: 
Working with designers, Front End and project management staff to capture requirements for the functional elements of website projects. Also responsible for liaising with elements and ensuring that all work carried out compiler with standards and guidelines. W 
Experience in web development framework and technologies and good expertise in integrating 
E-commerce. 
Testing and validating work produced as part of the development process. 
Back End development and maintenance of websites using PHP and MySQL. 
Developing compatible user interface functionality using JQuery and other libraries. 
Through knowledge of integrating dynamic data feeds and database content into web pages. 
Proficient in hand-coding PHP and other current back-end technologies to create clean, maintainable and technically solied websites. 
Good in managing time and organizing tasks. 
Quick learner and ability to learn new concepts. 
Documenting features, technical specifications and infrastructure requirements. 
EDUCATION 
B.E.(Computer Science) from 
Dayananda Sagar College of Engineering, Bangalore. Visvesvaraya Technical University, Belgaum in 2014 with 62.91%. 
DIPLOMA (Computer Science) from 
Government Polytechnic, Davangere in 2011 with 65%. 
SSLC from SG High School, Hiremannapur Koppal dist in 2004 with 75%. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Operating System: Windows 98, XP,2000, win7, win8 
Office Tools: MS Office Languages : C , C++, JAVA, J2EE, SQL, PHP, HTML5, CSS3, AJAX, JQuery, wordpress, 
Framework : Codeigniter3.0, OpenKart,Laravel5 
PROJECT DETAILS 
Project : I 
Project Name: Bangalore Property Deals 
Languages: PHP,Java 
Frontend : Html5,Ajax,Jquery 
Backend : Mysql,Wordpress 
Description: 
This project is a content management website developed for a BangaloreProperty..Client can be updated their property for sale,rent,lease FrontPage content and packages. We provided the CMS has been integrated with this. 
Http://www.bangalorepropertydeals.com 
Http://www.bangalorepropertydeals.com/Blog/ 
Project - II: 
Project Name:FaceExposure (Wordpress) 
Languages:PHP 
Backend:MYSQL 
Description: 
FaceExposure is a social media site for all ages to capture their greatest facial expressions. 
The site provides individual the opportunity to express themselves in a way that covers a wide variety of topics and current events. 
This is also a site for sharing your photos with your friends and family. 
So stay close with your loved ones, capture memories and express yourself with FaceExposure. 
More Project http://www.carbonengg.com/ http://www.vigneshwaratrust.in/ http://www.sgtestinginstitute.com http://www.sgtestinginstitute.com/blog 
ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATIONS / CERTIFICATIOS 
Soft skills-Center of Innovation and Leadership, DSI 
Java Certification course, Jspiders Academy in Basavangudi. 
KEY STRENGTHS 
Ability to do multi-task, react quickly to shifting priorities and meet deadlines. 
Proactive, confident and with a positive can do attitude. 
Able to clearly communicate technical data to non-technical colleagues and clients. 
Exceptionally strong interpersonal and teamwork skills. 
Processing all-round analysis and programming skills. 
Continuously monitoring industrial trends, technologies and standards. 
Personal Details 
Name: MOUNESH BADIGER 
Date of birth: 2/06/1990 
Gender: Male 
Nationality: Indian 
Address for communication: 
Present Address: #24, 2nd Floor, near Banashankari Temple Banashankari , Bangalore-560078. 
Permanent Address: Rudrappa Badiger Hiremannapur tq.kustagi di.kopal. 
I do here by declare that all the above-furnished details are true to the best of knowledge & belief.sssss 
Place: 
Bangalore Yours truly, 
Date : MOUNESH 
