 muditmehta130@gmail.com (mailto:muditmehta130@gmail.com) : +919417493530 Career Objective 
To learn in an environment of organizational culture and earn a job which contributes to my management skills. To contribute and grow in a professional business environment preferably in Marketing and Operations Management. 
Work Experience: 
Paxcom India 
Job Role 
Business Analyst March 2016 
Current 
Job Responsibilities 
o Lead Generation through Cold calling o 
Communicate with existing clients o 
Interacting with E-Commerce Heads/Marketing Heads of renowned Brands o Coordinate with Project Management Team to prioritize deliverables o Providing Analytic support to development team o Identify market trends, pricing models, methods of operation on E-Commerce. 
o Collect data for Competitors at online marketplaces and consolidate information into actionable reports by interpreting data thus making recommendations 
E-Commerce Account handling activities includes: 
Product Listing on various E-Commerce Platforms 
Key Account Manager for E-Commerce Accounts 
Promotional and Discounting offers at online marketplaces Dreamweavers Group 
Job Role - Relationship Manager. 
Nov 2013 
May 2014 Job Responsibilities 
o Handling complete marketing tasks. 
o Solely responsible for bringing business. 
o Giving presentations on Company Profile. 
o Heading the Student coordinators for smooth running of operations. 
o Building relationships with TPOs of various universities & colleges. 
o Coordinating with IT dept. for updations on the company website 
Academic Record: Qualification Degree Year Board/University Percentage/CGPA 
Post Graduation MBA (Marketing & Operations) 2016 
Thapar University 
7.4 (CGPA) Graduation B-Tech (CS) 2013 PTU 72.80 Higher Secondary 
Non Med 2009 
CBSE 66.80 
Senior Secondary General 2007 
ICSE 80.20 
Skill Set : 
Ms Excel 
Ms Word 
Ms Powerpoint 
Projects Undertaken: 
Competitive Study on B2B Market Place. - Search for Contact details of Cab and Taxi Services, Sending Proposals, Schedule meetings and Finally Close the deal. 
Comparative Analysis of Pricing Structure of various Market Places Done for the Market Research for various SKUs. Comparison done with Price listed on Snapdeal and Tyre on Wheels. 
Updation and Penetration of Products on E-Commerce websites 
Individual Listing or prepared Excel file for the bulk listing of products at Amazon, Flipkart, Snapdeal, Paytm and Ebay platform. 
Extra Curriculars: 
Volunteered in the organizing team for the Network Expansion Workshop by CIIE. 
Second position in 4*400M Relay in 11th Annual Athletic and Sports Meet at DAV Institute Of Engineering And Technology 
Hobbies: 
Playing Badminton and Football. 
Travelling to certain locations in India. 
Strengths: 
Patient Listener 
Quick Learner 
Team Player 
Growth Mindset 
Confident 
Effective Communication Skills 
Flexible & Adaptable to new change. 
Languages Known: 
English 
Hindi 
Punjabi 
DATE: 
(Mudit Mehta) Mudit Mehta 
