Susanta Kumar Das 
EXPERIENCE 
Graphic Designer & Proud Indian Susanta8686@gmail.com +91-9903033763 Kolkata,India 
Graphic Designer PwC June 2015 -Ongoing Kolkata 
Document and web layout design formatting along with brand guideline. Infographic creation , Creative layout with help of designing software . 
Reprographer Capita 
December 2013 
May 2015 Pune 
Re shape mannequins ,different fashion clothing shaping editing, color matching and work with flower and home furnishing pictures for Internet and print (work with Photoshop in Apple Mac). 
Document Production ADFC 
June 2013 
December 2015 Mumbai 
Format and design all posters and email Design all annulment along with notice board and all document . 
Making all document as par brand guide line. 
EDUCATION 
Bachelors in Computer Application 
Sikkim Manipal University. 
March 2009 Diploma in Multimedia 
Arena Multimedia 
February 2012 Diploma in Fine Arts 
Sarbabharatia Sangeet-O-Sanskriti Parishad 
March 2010 LIFE PHILOSOPHY 
If you don t have any shadows, you re not standing in the light. 
MOST PROUD OF Courage I had To take a sinking ship and try to make it float Persistence & Loyalty 
I showed despite the hard moments and my willingness to stay with my present working company Clients Feedback 
My creativity got lots of good feedback which helps my presses to grow. 
Inspiring human being & nature lover 
A guy who close with a nature and a society. work with lots of social case specially rode side child . 
SOFTWARE STRENGTHS 
Photoshop Illustrator CorelDraw Hard-working Persuasive Motivator & Leader 
STRENGTHS 
CorelDraw Page Maker InDesign English 
LANGUAGES 
Hindi 
Bangali 
A DAY OF MY LIFE 
Creating Creative and making client satisfy as par brand PwC, to build clients relation , understanding there requirement, thanking escalation 
Enhancing my creative skill making me socialize Sleeping while dreaming regarding my work improvement 
Contributing my time to socially activity and spiritually 
Every day activity 
