Profile: Subin Jacob 
Subin Jacob 
Product Manger | +917022551476
| mailtosubinjacob@gmail.com 
Profile 
Knowledgeable product specialist with excellent understanding of product planning and execution throughout a product lifecycle. Has hands on experience in gathering and prioritizing product and customer requirements, defining the product vision, and working closely with the IT, sales, marketing and support departments to ensure revenue and customer satisfaction goals are met. 
Easy going by nature and able to get along with both work colleagues and senior managers. Currently looking for a suitable product manager position. 
Key skills: 
Market research & developing the core positioning and messaging for the product. 
Performing and arranging successful product demonstrations for customers Researching, reviewing & reporting on competitors & rival products. 
Performing sales, trend, and profitability analysis. 
Developing content for product and company collateral. 
Articulating the companys distinctive competence & the products uniqueness. Planning and developing the right marketing strategy. 
Setting product pricing for new product releases to meet revenue & profitability goals. 
Highly creative and skilled at experimenting with innovative ideas Education 
Executive MBA in Product Management (Institute Of Product Leadership) from PES University. 
B.Com from Kanpur Vidyapeeth in 2005 Professional Experience 
Tappozz Lifestyle Private Limited- Bangalore 
Product Manager - Business Development Manager October 2015 to present Create and execute the go-to market strategy for a freshly made product . 
Activate sales channel to reach out to target audience. 
Create relationships with key stakeholders to improve product design process. 
Responsible for increasing organic social media reach. 
Intro (E-commerce Site for Interior Designers) Bangalore 
Product Manager - Customer Delight - June 2015 September 2015 
Responsible for the Complete Operations and Execution of four projects. 
Sole responsibility of execution of client requirements 
Agappe Charity Trust- Goa 
NGO Volunteer Work Full time - April 2012- Jan 2015 Responsible for the Operations of the Trust. 
IBM Global Process Services - Pune 
Senior Customer Service Executive - January 2008 -February 2012 Managed end to end customer support for 45,000+ customers from April 2009 - Jan 2012 Seagull Bar and Restaurant - Goa 
Public Relation Executive - October 2003 - November 2007 
Managed Public Relations for the hotel also responsible for hosting events and guest relationship. 
Additional information: 
Idea Incubation 
Performed Market research on 250 people under the guidance of Prof Arjun Thomas and Prof Bhanu Potta. 
Built the Empathy Map and Experience Map based on the acquired data. 
Built the Business Model Canvas under the guidance of Prof NandiniVaidyanathan founder Carma Connect. 
Is in the process of making a prototype for the idea. 
Attended workshops for Digital marketing by Himanshu Arora Co-founder Social panga Personal Interests 
Food, Music, Football 
Write reviews on Zomato currently on Level 12 (Connoisseur) 1 
