CURRICULAM VITAE 
T.PAULSELVAN 
Mobile: +91-9750285062 / 9942806077 
No. 11,Plot No#36, 16Th Cross Street, Vallal paari Nagar., Pallikaranai, Chennai 
600 100 Email id: karthikannan9085@gmail.com 
Career Objective 
The Potential Gained from My Experience and Qualification as a Process Automation Engineer would be Discharged Effectively to My Firm Development as an Instrumentation & Control Engineer. 
Summary of Skills: 
About 5+ Years of experience in System Designing, Installation, Commissioning & Control System Automation of SCADA /HMI & PLC in Food industries/ 
BMS (Tata Honeywell ) 
Organizational Experience: 
Organization: 
Noni Biotech Pvt Ltd., Chennai 
Duration: 
April 2013 
Till Date. 
Designation: Production Engineer. 
Responsibilities: 
Control and Co-ordinate of the all teams ( Stores, Purchasing, Production Planning, Packing Utility , ETP & Maintenance) 
Time plan for Production & Semi /Finished Goods Control Chart 
Bank loan measurement and Estimation of the total productivity chart 
Actual Land and property measurement for Bank 
Loan process Plan the production order as per schedule. 
Monitoring the R.O. Plant, Boilers & ETP 
Maintaining the Preventive & Corrective action for General / Breakdown. 
Enterprise Resource Planning 
Maintaining (SAP) 
Training:- 
Trouble shooting the HMI function 
Corrective the online production issues 
Aseptic packing operation and function 
New Project: (Aseptic Brick Packing 
PLS Packing Machine ,China) 
Instruct and organized of installation the Tetra Pack (Ready To Serve) S.S. Pipe lines, Pump, Tank, Homogenizer, Ultra Heat Transfer, Packing and Filling in 4 Degree Celsius. 
Installation of Cable lying to all Equipments as per ISO Stranded. 
Installation of Steam Pipe line and Valve in NBR Stranded. 
Operation Like UHT, 200 ml Brick Pack Filling machines & Production Utilities 
Organization: 
Hinduja Global Solution. Nagercoil 
Duration: 
Sept 2010 
Mar 2011. 
Designation: CRO-Airtel Voice Process (English & Tamil) 
Responsibilities: 
Rectify the Customers needs and Complaint solves the issue. 
To following target time and avoided the long duration of customers calls. 
Give a best salutation with in short time to Customers needs / complaints Rectify the Internet and GPRS issues. 
Coordinating with new joiners and others. 
Organization: 
Health India Laboratories. Chennai 
Duration: 
May 2008 
Aug 2010. 
Designation: 
Instrumentation Engineering 
Responsibilities: 
Initially the engineering drawings and documents are under inspection and quality checked. Job involves erection, and commissioning of SS Fruit Juice plant (Food Process) 
R.O. (Reverse Osmosis) Plant, ETP (Effluent Treatment Plant), Boilers and Automatic Filling machine. 
The above process equipments are controlled by following controllers and instruments. 
Programmable logical controller, VFD, I/ P Converters, Flow meters, level switch, changeover valves, butterfly valves, screw pump, rotary valves, viscometer, RTD, temperature transmitters and load cell. The process control equipments and instruments are inspected and quality checked by following checklist with subcontractors and approved by ourselves. 
Organizational Experience: 
Organization: 
Control Soft Engineering India Pvt Ltd., Chennai 
Duration: June 2007 May 2008. 
Designation Design Engineer. (Graphic Design) 
Responsibilities: 
Honeywell HMI/SCADA Front-end design for various equipments and HVAC units like (Air handling Units, Boilers, Chillers) Development of HMI for operation of Honeywell DDC system. 
Preparation of System Architecture, Schematic drawings for HVAC System, Fire Alarm System & Access Control System. 
Display Builder & HMI Web Display Builder for Graphics Development & Quick Builder for Point development. 
Testing of the graphics on EBI server. 
Technical Skills: 
SCADA: 
Honeywell building management system Version 4.1 PLC: 
TWIDO/ SCHEINDER MAKE 
HMI : Honeywell Version 4.1 System/Networking: Mesh network, system Configuration & Setup, Switch Configuration. 
Experience in logic checking. 
Experience in preparing I/O list and Wiring drawings. 
Experience in Installation & Commissioning of control panels. 
Experience in preparing final as built documentation. 
Preparation & Reviewing of drawings/documents like P&IDs, Instrument index, I/O list, Loop diagrams, Cable tray layout, Junction box wiring diagram, Cable schedule, Hook up . 
Installation, commissioning, calibration and loop checking of various field instruments 
Designing, Implementing and Commissioning of new control loops as per site requirements. 
Experienced in the field instruments and control systems procurement activities 
Educational Qualifications: 
Bachelor of Engineering in Instrumentation and Control Engineering from Anna University 
Udaya school of Engineering with 69. % (2007). 
Diploma in Electronics and Communication Engineering from Sun Institute of Technologies with 75% (2004) 
Higher Secondary: Govt Hr. Sec School -Nagercoil, with 55% (2002). SSLC: Govt School Nagercoil 69.80% (2000). 
Personal Details: 
Date of Birth : 
14.07.1985 
Fathers Name : C. Thanga Nadar 
Permanent Address : No.30/21, Periyavilai, Eathamozhy. PO. Nagercoil 
Kanniyakumari Dist. 
629501 
Languages Known : English & Tamil 
Marital Status : Married. 
Place: 
Chennai 
Yours Faithfully. 
Date: T. Paul Selvan 
