Rahul Kr Verma (Software Engineer) 
Mobile: +91-9871845970 
Email: rahulkrverma@hotmail.com 
INTRODUCTION 
Currently I am working with 4 Way Technologies as a Software Engineer in Product Development 
Department, as a software engineer 
I have Developed reverse image 
search engine, using Convolution neural network and deep learning. 
OBJECTIVE 
I am seeking the challenging position in 
Software 
Development profession where I can make a significant contribution to the organization using the experience & skill that I have acquired. I wish to work in a challenging atmosphere which provides ample opportunities for learning and growth. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
I am having a total experience of 6+ months in the industry. Following is the detail of organization for which I am working till date: 
4 Way Technologies 
Designation - Software Engineer (Python Developer) 
Job Profile - Developed reverse image search engine using convolution neural network and deep learning. And integrated it with web using python flask module and REST API. Deploy these modues on AWS EC2. 
Technology Used - Python, mongo DB, and OpenCV. 
Python Module Used: - 
Scikit learn (used for machine learning), Numpy, Pandas, Theano (used for deep learning), Flask (used for communication with web), Pymongo (mongo DB python module), Redis-Server, Celery (used for task queue) and more Duration - Jan 2016 Till Date. 
Project - Ideaswire is the product of 4 Way Technologies, which is a reverse image search application. I worked as team member and developed the application as guided. In this application i have used above technologies and deployed it on AWS EC2. 
Academic Qualifications 
Qualification 
Board/University Year of passing Percentage (%) 
B.Tech (CSE) U.P.T.U 
2014 68.74 12th C.B.S.E 2010 58.80 
10th C.B.S.E 2007 69.20 Training 
Certified Information Security Specialist (CISS V 2.0). 
15 Days Training With Experience in E-mail and system Security. 
Technical Skills: 
Programming Language : Python, C, C++, C#, Java. 
Operating System : Linux (Ubuntu), Windows. 
Internet Technologies : HTML, JavaScript. 
Database System : MySQL, Mongo DB, SQL. 
Others : SDLC, Manual Testing, ERD Design. 
Strong Point in myself Excellent knowledge of Python and some of its modules, and C++. 
Excellent Oops and data structure skills. 
Worked on AWS EC2. 
Quick learner. 
Hardworking towards achieving the Goal. 
Flexibility in technical area. 
Area of Interest 
Python, C, C++, Java. 
Personal Profile 
Name : Rahul Kumar Verma 
Fathers name : Bharat Prasad Verma 
Date of Birth : 14 Jan 1992 
Gender : Male 
Marital Status : Single 
Language Known : English, Hindi 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and believe. 
Date: 
Place: Rahul Kr Verma 
