 Shaheeda 
Bangalore| Mob: +91 7795139796 
| shahitabraz@gmail.com career objective An enthusiastic, self-motivated and initiator professional looking for a stable position in a growing organization to utilize my experience and knowledge. career summary 4+ years of experience in IT industry working as a DBA on SQL SERVER Environments. 
Involved in Installation, Configuration and Maintenance of SQL Server 2005/2008/2008R2/2012. 
Migrating the SQL Server databases and instances from lower to higher version. 
Recovering the databases to point-in-time with respect to the customers requirement. 
Experience on applying Service packs and hot fixes for SQL Server upgrades. 
Fixing the orphan users and allow the users to access the database. 
Moving the system and user databases from one location to the another location. 
Creating Logins and assigning privileges like Roles / Securable to the users on databases. 
Creating and Configuring the jobs through the SQL Agent schedules. 
Configuring DB mails and creating Operators / Alerts for the SQL Agent job failures. 
Creating and configuring linked servers from SQL to SQL instances and SQL to oracle instances. 
Creating and maintaining the indexes on the tables and performing Re-build / Re-organize indexes to improve the performance. 
Running the maintenance activities like update-statistics and DBCC CHECKDB at the time of performance issues. 
Troubleshooting blockings / deadlocks and fixing them by adding permanent fixes. 
Configuring Logshipping between two servers and troubleshooting at the time of synchronization issues. 
Hands on experience on Log Shipping, Database Mirroring, Replication and Clustering. 
Hands on experience on version upgrades i.e., from SQL 2005/2008 to SQL 2012 version in side by side method. 
Experience on configuring and administering Clustering environment. 
Involved with ITIL Process (Incident/Change Management). skills Databases : SQL SERVER 2005, 2008, 2008R2 and 2012 Operating Systems : Windows Server 2008 / 2008R2 / 2012 work experience 
Client : Crucell Pharmaceuticals 
Company : IQmen Data Solutions Pvt Ltd., 
Oct 14 - Present 
Role : DBA 
Responsibilities 
Installation, configuration and upgrading of SQL Server 2005 / SQL Server2008. 
Backup scheduling and restoring of databases. 
Applied patches and service packs to keep the database at current patch level. 
Automating the dba tasks for monitoring the activities. 
Supported production, QA and development databases. 
Configuring Log Shipping and ensuring synchronization between Primary/Secondary server. 
Configuring Mirroring and ensuring the synchronization between Principal and Mirror DBs. 
Running database utilities (backup, recovery, creation of maintenance plans). 
Ensuring high availability of the database exploiting the concepts of Clustering, Replication, Database Mirroring and log shipping etc. 
Client : NOXXON Pharma 
Company : IQmen Data Solutions Pvt Ltd., 
July 12 - Oct 14 
Role : DBA 
Responsibilities 
Verifying all database instances are up and Running. 
Running database utilities (backup, recovery, creation of maintenance plans). Installation & Configuration of SQL Servers on Standalone & Cluster Environment 
Applied patches and service packs to keep the database at current patch level. 
Automating the dba tasks for monitoring the activities. 
Ensuring high availability of the database exploiting the concepts of Clustering, Database Mirroring and log shipping etc. 
Education Master of Science from S V University, Tirupati. Bachelor of Science from S V University, Tirupati. 
