Rahul Joshi 
Network Engineer 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
To obtain a Position in Networking within a growth oriented progressive company where new ideas are welcome and decision making is involved and I can apply my analytic & interpersonal experience to make a significant impact up to the bottom line. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Synchro Tech India- Jaipur 
NETWORK ENGINEER Jan 2015 -April 2016 Responsible for entire Network and continually improving the way it delivers IT and networking services. 
Responsibilities- 
Experienced in configuration, installation, and maintenance of a wide range of Network products like Cyberoam. 
Identifying, diagnosing, and resolving network problems. 
Configure and install various network devices and services (e.g., routers, switches, firewalls, load balancers, VPN, QOS, VLAN). 
Knowledge of Monitoring & Maintenance the Networks Equipment's. 
Network connectivity troubleshooting, ping, Trace route, Telnet. 
Provide intranet VPN solution using Checkpoint and IPsec Tunnelling 
Assist the user with resolving any network connectivity issues or escalate to the appropriate specialist. 
Implemented New switches into the production according to Change related. 
Maintain a close and working relationship with Technical and Customer Service personnel to identify and resolve WAN/LAN connectivity. 
APT Electronics Pvt Ltd-Delhi 
TESTING Engineer 
OCT 2013-Dec 2014 
Identifying standard requirements. 
Monitor the performance of all control activities and tests on electrical systems. 
Troubleshoot and resolve problems relating to electrical quality control. 
Interact with Development & Design team to reduce the Failures due to EOS (Electrical Over stress) KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES 
Always ready for the unexpected. 
Can work at heights in adverse outdoor weather conditions. 
Thrives in an environment where the pace is fast and deadlines are tight. 
Can effectively manage own time during busy spells. 
Proven track record in supporting large network estates 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION 
Rajasthan Technical University, Kota 2008-2012 
B. Tech ELECTRICAL ENGINEERING TRAINING & CERTIFICATES: 
CCNA Certification 
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
Actively participated in Sports & got certificates for playing cricket, badminton at school level and college level. 
Participated and Volunteered many events at school level. 
