Sabya Baliarsingh 
Arunodaya Nagar 
Email: sabyabaliarsingh@gmail.com 
PC Sarkar Lane,Cuttack-753012 Mob: +919861428883 WORK EXPERIENCE: 
2011- 2014 
SOFTWARE ENGINEER 
New Delhi, India 
Having 3years of experience in Java. 
Skilled Java developer with proven expertise in using new tools and technical developments. 
Software Engineer in SYNAPSE SOLUTIONS PRIVATE LTD,New Delhi from July 2011 till Nov 2014. 
Part of an Organization with an objective to accept the challenging opportunity that can utilize my professional skills and provide me the platform for growth. 
Analyzing existing system and working towards the requirement. 
Carrying unit testing to check expected results. 
Communicating and Coordination with the clients. 
Validating the post implementation validation result 
Very Good in Communication and Client Interaction. 
Company And Project Experience: 
1.Organization: SYNAPSE SOLUTIONS PRIVATE LTD 
Project1: Online Shopping 
Client: Shopnday.com 
Team Size: 4 
Description: The central concept of the application is to allow the customer to shop virtually using the Internet and allow customers to buy the items and articles of their desire from the store. It maintains the details of customer payments, product receipts, addition of new customers, products and also updating, deletion for the same. It also stores the details of invoices generated by customer and payments made by them with all Payments details like credit card. 
2.Organization: SYNAPSE SOLUTIONS PRIVATE LTD 
Project2: Online matrimony(lifepartner.com) 
Client: Perfectionindia.com 
Team Size: 4 
Description: It allows the user to sign up & register an account whereby updation of profile management and verified user logins are maintained. It allows the user to communicate with the existing members of site . Also since it will be available through internet it will be possible for the user to see their profile anywhere. The System Administrator can also update the data through internet. The Administrator can delete those members account who wants to delete their account. The Administrator can send perfect match to the member who submit the request for life partner. 
Technical Skills: 
Languages Java,C,C++ 
Scripts- Eclipse. 
Web Language- XML, Javascript, HTML 
Office Productivity Tools-MS Office, MS Excel , MS Powerpoint ,Outlook 
Database SQL Server, My SQL, Rdbms,Data Structures. 
Pursued B.E (Electronics & Telecommunications) from NM Institute of Engineering and Technology , Bhubaneswar, BPUT 
Batch 2011 with 73.80% Passed XIIth with 79.2% & Xth with 83% from DAV Public School 
ACADEMIC PROJECTS-GESTURE CONTROLLED ROBOT WITH PASSWORD SECURITY 
Objective: Gesture driven robot allows humans to control it by analyzing the movements of their hands and arms based on a video stream after which the robot will mimic the movements in almost real time. The robot is capable of doing some simple yet impressive things such as detecting a human clenching his fist or grabbing an object 
AWARDS & HONORS Awarded as Best Painter,dancer ,singer &Best Guide in school career. 
Participated in ROBOTICS WORKSHOP in IIT Kharagpur. 
Responsibilities involved organizing seminars, presentations and other activities at the college. 
Personality Traits: 
Team spirit and can work individual as well. 
Adaptive, determined & focused person. 
Good management & communication skills. 
Self Motivated and Confident 
Personal Profile: 
Date Of Birth:13th August 1989 
Marital Status:Unmarried 
Languages Known:English,Hindi and Odia 
Nationality:Indian 
