+91
96-19-002789| zahra.barodawalla@gmail.com Zahra Barodawalla O B J E C T I V E 
To obtain a position that will enable me to use my creative marketing abilities and make a difference by bringing my enthusiasm and expertise to the forefront of a leading company s marketing research and business decisions. 
With my ability to think quickly coupled with my commitment I shall achieve highest possible organizational goals. I would like to enhance my abilities and characteristics with the help of the organizations. 
P R O F E S S I O N A L S Y N O P S I S 
A marketing specialist with 3 years experience in: Digital sales, social media marketing, digital market intelligence and strategic planning, brand management, campaign creation and management, corporate communications, product management, and public relations primarily in B2B & B2C environment and diversity in marketing design. 
O R G A N I Z A T I O N A L E X E P E R I E N C E 
2013 - Present DIGITAL MARKETING CONSULTANT Marketing, PR, Business Development Specialist - Digital marketing, social media marketing, public relations, campaign management, market intelligence and strategic planner, sales, marketing and corporate communication, brand management. Responsible and accountable for marketing the brand on digital platforms. Planning and driving marketing campaigns and strategy to increase sales and, awareness of the brand among customers, industry and partners. + Accountable for gaining popularity on social media and other digital platforms, 
+ Increasing awareness of the brand amongst top digital media influencers. + Designing the weekly post and other material for the brand 
+ Increasing the activity of the customers on the brand s digital pages + Taking care of the media advertising and using the digital platforms to the best with a limited budget. 
+91 96-19-002789| zahra.barodawalla@gmail.com 
+ Corporate communication strategy and actions- Median plans, press releases, brochure, leaflets, marketing- sales material, newsletters, e mailers, presentations, customer retention planning, ROI tools, content writing, scripts, developing, publishing. + Daily maintenance of the page, in terms of responding to feedback from customers, informing them about our latest offers, etc. 
+ Weekly reports of the page analytics and improvement during the week. (E.g., Increase in Page Likes, Engagement, Post reactions etc.) 2013 
Present 
THE TRAVELLERS TROVE 
Digital Entrepreneurial Venture 
Specialist - Founded and setting up the entire brand online, on multiple digital platforms. 
Responsible to build the brand on digital platforms. Planning and driving marketing campaigns and strategy to increase sales and, awareness of the brand among customers, industry and partners. 
+ Created a brand name and identity for the same. 
+ Producing an innovative concept which has not been used before. (Concept creation was Finding fashion through travel, hence the name of the brand was thought of) 
+ Increasing awareness of the brand amongst top digital media influencers. + Designing the weekly post and other material for the brand 
+ Increasing the activity of the customers on the brand s digital pages + Taking care of the media advertising and using the digital platforms to the best with a limited budget. 
+ Corporate communication strategy and actions- Median plans, press releases, brochure, leaflets, marketing- sales material, newsletters, e mailers, presentations, customer retention planning, ROI tools, content writing, scripts, developing, publishing. + Daily maintenance of the page, in terms of responding to feedback from customers, informing them about our latest offers, etc. 
+ Engagement creation for increase in the customer sales. 
P R E V I O U S 
E X P R E I E N C E 
July 2013 Oct 2013 WINDCHIMES COMMUNICATIONS Account and Marketing Executive Specialist Account management & Business Development with Visual and Brand communication with Media option for two brands (YES BANK, EDUCATE GIRLS NGO) + Sole person of contact for both brands. Account Executive responsible to manage and evaluate client needs and to execute the same. 
+91 96-19-002789| zahra.barodawalla@gmail.com +
Content creation for all the digital pages for daily post. Had to take in consideration all the rules and regulations of the RBI as one of the brands was a financial institution. 
+ Campaign creation and execution for both brands. (Created a campaign for the NGO called Chula to Chalk with the concept for Educating the girls and moving them from the Chula (Stove in Hindi) to a chalk, implying the emphasis of education of girls in the villages of India.) +
Providing complete weekly and monthly reports with information on the engagement on the page and progress on the same. + Handling the ORM for Yes Bank and Infosys + Created and managed contest for Yes Bank on social media. 
+ Live tweeting and updates during the conferences and major events for Yes Bank. + Created Campaign for YES BANK Chairman for Assocham. 
I N T E R N S H I P S 
March 2013 
May 2013 JACK IN THE BOX Account and Marketing intern +
Managing the YouTube page for 7UP. Uploading Videos and managing the backend channel + Content creation for Social Media platforms and helping out with campaigns + Account Assistant for the Raghu Dixit online concert for Pepsi + Organised a contest and conducted a market research for Tara Jewellers. 
Jan 2013 Feb 2013 
INDIAN HOME GOURMET Research and Sales Executive +
Understanding the sea food and ready to eat market +
On field sales for Ready to Eat food + Helped in a PHD research on the Indian mentality of ready to food. 
Oct 2012 
Nov 2012 
L INTERLAND 
Rural Marketing Intern 
+ Understanding the Indian mentality of modern brands in a day to day life +
Created a campaign for Godrej brand in a village + Understood the rural market and the difference between modern marketing and rural marketing +
Understanding the influence of brands on the people living in villages of India +91 96-19-002789| zahra.barodawalla@gmail.com S K I L L S & 
E X E P E R T I S E 
+ M + Marketing Strategy & Communication + Brand Development & Management + Advertising and Media Planning + Digital Marketing and Strategy + Market Research and Analysis + Client Management + Operation Management + Retail Sales & Marketing Experience 
+
Online Reputation Management E D U C A T I O N & 
C E R T I F I C A T I O N POST GRADUATION IN ADVERTISING MEDIA MARKETING COMMUNICATIONS 
Northpoint Centre of Learning (2012- 2013) BACHELORS IN MASS MEDIA 
Hinduja College of Commerce (2009- 2012) 
HIGH SCHOOL AND PRE UNIVERSITY 
St. Agnes High School S O F T W A R E 
P R O F I C I E N C Y 
MS SOFTWARE 
MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Outlook, Projects, Access. 
DESIGNING SOFTWARE Adobe Photoshop, InDesign, Keynote (Basic Level). 
ONLINE SOFTWARE Google AdWords, Hubspot Analytics, Social Media Analytics (All Platforms) 
Motivated by challenges and willing to take fast and calculated action to execute and Implement programs, processes and structure that derive innovation and growth. Passionate with ability to inspire and energize teams and organizations. With value Add designing skills can coordinate corporate branding and brand identity and provide Creative solutions to organizations. 
+91 96-19-002789| zahra.barodawalla@gmail.com 
P E R S O N A L 
I N F O R M A T I O N DATE OF BIRTH 
13th Nov 1991 AGE 
24yrs GENDER 
Female NATIONALITY 
Indian MARITAL STATUS 
Single DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
DATE: 13/06/2016 
(ZAHRA BARODAWALLA) 
