Vimal Singh Panwar 
Sr. Marketing Manager 
Phone: +91-98291-44993; +91-99532-49644 
Email: vimalsinghpanwar@gmail.com 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
Strategic Planning 
A creative and inventive thinker, who craves a challenge and who is not afraid to work outside his comfort zone. Self motivated team player who consistently aims to push revenue expectations and exceed goals. Possesses superb communication skills and is someone who can build up rapport easily, open up clients, find out exactly what they need, and then present them with a wide range of services and solutions. Pragmatic and results orientated, with a focus on bottom line results, he has a track record of achieving and exceeding the standards of performance set out for any sales projects. Wants to develop career in a fast moving environment, and currently looking for a suitable position with a company that values passion, positivity, integrity and hard work. 
Strategic Marketing Brand Leveraging Strategy 
Online/Digital Marketing Luxury Product Marketing Event and Media Planning 
Brand Management 
Public and Media Relations 
Business Planning 
Social Media Marketing CAREER HISTORY ATL, BTL and TTL activities Grofers India Private Limited, Gurgaon June 2015 - Present 
Market Intelligence Sr. Marketing Manager 
Business Development 
Responsible for developing and maintaining marketing strategies, public and media relationships with both new and old clients. Also in-charge for identifying every sales lead and of making the most out of every opportunity to increase revenue and profitability. 
PROFESSIONAL 
B.Tech & MBA 
Advance English 
Basic Punjabi Duties 
Basic Spanish 
Developed the advertiser market size & segmentation model used in profiling each of the several advertiser segments currently used to guide Grofers Search 
Marketing s business development team in securing strategic accounts. 
INTERNSHIP DMW, Patiala, Punjab Market trends and industry growth management using social and digital marketing. 
AT & T Limited, Dallas, Texas, USA 
Branded, re-positioned and executed Gofers go-to-market (GTM) strategy that delivered unmatched demand solutions (targeting solutions across search and display) and pricing models (CPM/CPC/CPA) thereby increasing advertiser acquisition rate. 
TRAININGS Brand Governance over creative POS, messaging and packaging development. 
Hero Motors Limited, Haridwar, Uttrakhand 
Developed business cases for products that streamlined account management operations and increased operational efficiency by 20%.Promote the company brand to key buyers, ensuring their knowledge is current and appropriate. 
The Escorts Group 
Faridabad, Haryana 
Completing documentation and administrative records, fully and accurately. 
PERSONAL SKILLS Hero Motors Limited, Gurgaon, India August 2013 June 2015 Relationship Development Assistant Brand Manager 
Influencing Skills Luxury Product Marketing and segment marketing. 
Entrepreneurial Spirit Identifying the specific needs of customers, and then creating bespoke solutions for them. 
Persuasive & Articulate Benchmarking and Benchmarking analysis and ensuring financially feasibility. 
Dealing with all requisite activities to perform such as sourcing, techno commercial evaluation, negotiation, recommendation, and inspection, expediting & tracking and so on. 
Writing accurate reports through the detailed analysis of data. 
Sharing knowledge and expertise in a highly professional manner. 
PERSONAL DETAILS ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS 
Add: Vimal Singh Panwar B.Tech Mechanical Engineering 2007-2011 946, Sector 17-B, Gurgaon Indian Institute of Technology Kharagpur, West Bengal , India 7.1 OGPA MBA Marketing and Media Management 2011-2013 
The University of Texas 
Austin , Texas, United States of America 3.1 OGPA 
