NAGESH MOGER 
Contact: +919538981411 
Email: nageshsmoger@gmail.com 
JOB OBJECTIVE 
Seeking a position as a CATIA V5 Designer in a leading organization, this will offer me professional growth as well as future career advancement opportunities. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS CAD/CAM Packages: CATIA V5, AutoCAD, Solid Edge, Edge Cam 
Product Data Manager: ENOVIA Knows to operate in Lathe, Milling, Drilling, Grinding, EDM 
Know to operate Profile projector, Pin gauges and Tool makers microscope. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 2 years of experience in Aircraft structural design. Worked with aerospace clients like Boeing Commercial Airplanes, Bombardier Aerospace. 
1 year of experience in automotive component design. 
1 year in Tool making as a Tool maker. 
September 2013 September 2015: 
Capgemini, Bangalore June 2012 
July 2013: WMS, Bangalore June 2008 
June 2009: Interplex Electronics, Bangalore EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION QualificationInstitute/CollegeYear of passingPercentageSSLCThe New English School200575.68Diploma in Tool & Die MakingGTTC, Dandeli200973.00B.E MechanicalGEC, Haveri201260.40 
AEROSPACE STRUCTURES EXPERIENCE Domain expertise in Aircraft primary and secondary structural design. 
Experience in design of layouts, Structural schematics for major assembly & sub-assemblies of wing structure made of metal & composite materials. 
Creation of manufacturing drawings. 
Well versed in using CAD tools viz. CATIA V5, AutoCAD, Surface & Solid modeling, Assembly Design and Drafting. 
Expertise in usage of VPM tool-ENOVIA. 
Familiar with GD & T symbols. 
PROJECT: 1Client: Bombardier AerospaceProject: Assembly drawings and Detail Drawings for Challenger Business Jet.Software Used: CATIA V5R18Duration: September 2013 
February 2014 DESCRIPTION: Scope of work involves creating parts and assemblies in Catia using 2D Drawings. Incorporating the design changes as specified in SOW. Creation of manufacturing drawings for the parts like Locating plates, Bulk heads, Straps, Accessing plates in fuselage and wing. Creation of composite drawings for the parts used in Fuselage and Wing structure which specifies Ply Tables, Ply information, Core details etc. 
Role includes Modeling, detailing and assembling complex parts as per customer-specific standards and also involved in checking. Responsible for project deliverables and setting up of milestones. 
PROJECT: 2Client: Bombardier AerospaceProject: Fixed Trailing Edge RibsSoftware Used: CATIA V5Duration: March 2014 
August 2014 DESCRIPTION: 
The scope of work involves modeling of Panel support Ribs using relational design concepts. FT&A concepts are also applied in the Rib design. The primary function of these Ribs is to support Panels; loads from the panels are transmitted through the Ribs. Ribs in turn should take these loads and transmit to the wing box. 
PROJECT: 3Client: The Boeing Commercial Airplanes Project: 747-8F WING TO BODY FAIRINGSoftware Used: CATIA V5R18, Enovia LCA and PDMDuration: September 2014 September 2015 
DESCRIPTION: 
747-8F model is upgrading version of 747-400 model. Wing loft is changed to accommodate increase in Fuselage capacity. Wing to body fairing comes at the area where wing attaches with the fuselage. It comprises of panels and structural parts which is used in attaching the panels. The structural parts like Frames, Splice plates have been created using concepts like FT&A and relational design has been applied for creation of all these parts. 
AUTOMOTIVE DESIGN EXPERIENCE RESPONSIBILITIES 
Develop detailed design drawings and specifications for mechanical equipment, dies/tools, and controls, using computer-assisted drafting (CAD) equipment. 
Coordinate with and consult other workers to design, layout or detail components and systems and to resolve design or other problems. 
Review and analyze specifications, sketches, drawings, ideas, and related data to assess factors affecting component designs and the procedures and instructions to be followed. 
Compute mathematical formulas to develop and design detailed specifications for components or machinery, using computer-assisted equipment. 
Modify and revise designs to correct operating deficiencies or to reduce production problems. 
Layout and draw schematic, orthographic, or angle views to depict functional relationships of components, assemblies, systems, and machines. 
TOOL MAKER EXPERIENCE 
RESPONSIBILITIES Produce dies and tools in accordance to customers specification 
Troubleshoot dies to analyze problems and failures. 
Study blue prints and engineering sketches. 
Lay out work processes and sequences of operations. 
Perform repair and alteration procedures. 
Monitor equipment and report malfunctions as needed. 
Use precision measuring equipment where necessary. 
Purchase necessary equipment and supplies required for tool production and repairs. 
EXTRA CURRICULAR Received spot awards four times for the service excellence. 
Taking peer review quality check before submitting to the internal quality team. 
Taking care of Event Management in the current organization. 
Training new joiners. 
ACHIEVEMENT 
Project: Adjustable Outrigger through SGA 
I did a project of Adjustable outrigger in order to reduce the cost of the tool. Outrigger is a plate with plastic sheet is fitted with help of screws. It is placed in between the Feeder and Press machine in order to avoid bucking of the sheet metal. In fact it acts a supportive element between them. The size of the outrigger may vary depend upon the tool size. This will eliminate to buy individual outrigger for every tool. Finally this project is helpful in reducing the cost of the tool. 
PERSONAL DETAILS Address 
: #59, Maheshwari Nagar, Mahadevapura, Bangalore Date of birth : 23-12-1990 Marital Status 
: Single Languages known 
: English, Hindi and Kannada Passport No : Z2609914 NAGESH MOGER 
