CURRICULUM VITAE REKHA K (B.E in Electrical and Electronic Engineering). 
Resume Highlights: B.E in Electrical and Electronic Engineering. 
M.Tech in CAID (Computer Application in Industrial Drives) Willingness to improve Skills and Knowledge. 
Ability to Verbally Communicate with Persons Inside and Outside the Organization. 
Ability to Make Decisions and Solve Problems. 
Ability to Plan, Organize and Prioritize Work . 
Mobile: +91 9738226882 Email: rekhak0592@gmail.com 
M M . . GOAL . . 
To associate myself with a professionally driven esteemed organization by pursuing a challenging, dynamic, responsible and rewarding career and applying my professional expertise, skills and enthusiasm in a position for career growth. . 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS . . 
Level Name of Institution Board/University Grade% 
M.Tech (CAID) BNMIT (Bangalore) 
Vishveswaraiah Technological University 
1st Sem:75.5% 
2nd Sem:73% 3rd Sem:93% 4th Sem: currently pursuing B.E. (EEE) Rajarajeswari college of engineering 
(Bangalore) Vishveswaraiah Technological University Belgaum. 
62.256 
Pre university course 
BMS PU college 
(Bangalore) Department of Pre-University Education, Bangalore. 
52 S.S.L.C. 
Martin Luther English School, Bangalore Karnataka Secondary Education Board, Bangalore. 
73.12 Project (Academic) :- Structural Project:- 
i. 
Power line communication using 
Smart Energy Meter, 
ii. Solar maximum power point tracking system and its application to green house. 
Internship (Academic) :- Carried out internship at Indian Institute of Science (IISC) Bangalore in the department of Electrical Power Systems, worked on Micro Machine Systems. 
ASSETS 
Self- Confidence, adaptable and positive attitude, ability to work under pressure with sincerity and a good team worker. 
Eager to learn and improve constantly. 
Active, self-motivated and flexible. 
Dedication for committed work. 
PERSONAL PROFILE: 
NAME : 
Rekha K 
Father name : 
Keshava Murthy 
Gender 
: Female 
Date of Birth 
: 05/08/1992 
Nationality 
: Indian 
Marital Status : Bachelor 
Languages Known : (a) English (b) Hindi (c) Kannada . 
DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. , Im confident in my abilities of doing the fullest justice to the duties entrusted to me upon the satisfaction of all concern. 
Place : 
BANGALORE Date : REKHA K 
