RANJAN MITTAL 
Mobile: +91-8585951760 
E-Mail: ranjan.mittal2010@gmail.com 
JOB OBJECTIVE 
Seeking challenging assignments in Project/Program Management with an organization of high repute. 
PROFILE SUMMARY 
A business-savvy IT professional with 7 years of diverse experience in both web and mobile technologies across a broad range of product management functions and diverse industry segments while serving clients across USA, UK, Africa, South Korea and Australia.. 
Experienced in working with disparate customers ranging from Fortune 500 Institutions to Entrepreneurs in diverse domains. 
Experienced in creating project plans, project scope, project budgeting, sprint planning, sprint execution & retrospective and scrum meetings. 
Proficient in defining product roadmap, product features, user flow, product development and post product launch analysis. 
Experienced in leading teams and driving releases for delivering quality products in a timely manner under high pressure and aggressive schedules. 
Proficient in analyzing client requirements, preparing end to end functional design and coordinating with the developers to ensure the solution to be aligned with customers requirements. 
Excellent understanding of Software Development Methodologies (Waterfall & Agile) and have been instrumental in conceiving and delivering large Mobile and Web Applications. 
Worked on web development projects for clients Clifford Chance-UK, New-York University-USA, Merck-USA and McDonald's-USA using Java & Adobe DAY CQ web content management tool. 
Performed Gap Analysis and participated in UAT to ensure that the product is as per the contract and processes. 
Managed project documentation (BRD, PRD, FRD, POC, SRS, HLD, LLD, User Manuals, and Release Notes) and documents process flows & gaps correspond to all the phases of product life cycle. Facilitated group & individual coaching/training and conducted one to one competency based interviews & also increased retention year on year through effective performance management. 
CORE COMPETENCIES 
Project 
Management 
Business Analysis Software Product Development 
Resource Management Requirement Elicitation & Analysis Client Relationship Management 
Ecommerce & Mobility Market & Competitive Analysis Agile & Waterfall Methodologies 
EDUCATION 
Aston Business School, Aston University, Birmingham, United Kingdom (2012-2013) 
MBA ,Full Time General Management(Operations & Marketing) ; Aggregate: 66; Year of Completion: 2013, Division: First class Bharati VidyaPeeths College of Engineering, New Delhi; Guru Gobind Singh Indraprastha University, New Delhi(2004-2008) Instrumentation & Control Engineering; Aggregate: 68; Year of Completion: 2008, Division: First class Cultural exchange programme, EDHEC Business School, France (2013) 
A study and industrial visit to France to gain insight on French culture and industries. Also attended 1 week program on Luxury Brand Management. 
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Clicklabs Pvt Ltd. Project Manager 
Intelligrape Software Pvt Ltd. Associate Project Manager 
Appster Information Technology Business Analyst 
Samsung India Electronics Ltd Senior Software Engineer 
HCL Technologies Software Engineer 
Highlights: 
Worked with more than 50 entrepreneurs in the last 3 years and helped them to define their product strategy, product features, user-flow and converted more than 20 for development projects with a total revenue of more than 1.5M USD. 
Proposed and developed the POC (Proof of Concept) during global recession in 2009 and received project from client New York University, USA and Clifford Chance, UK. 
Shouldered responsibility of improving QA solution by introducing new open source tools, saving the company and client overheads of 3 additional human resources and reducing the time by 40% Played a vital role in coaching and mentoring the team to achieve 120% of the project with limited resources within budget allocated, thereby winning appreciation from senior management. 
Awarded a certificate for Great Contribution from one of the client McDonalds USA. 
Gained recognition as the best team in planning a marketing strategy for Halfords Business Unit (large car service station in UK) by offering solutions in the marketing mix and re-branding itself to sustain in the market. 
ADDITIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Worked as a freelancing event organiser and led team of 15 people to handled audience of more than 1000 during various events in Delhi, India. 
Initiated and President of 'Aston Indian Society' for promotion of Indian culture in UK. 
Worked as event and marketing officer with National Indian Student Union(NISU), UK. 
Worked with NGO and Non-Profit organisation raising funds for various activities. 
Member of Employee First Council of HCL India for various CSR activities. 
CURRENT PROJECTS 
Business Area: Healthcare, USA 
Period: Feb16 
Current 
Role: Product Manager 
Responsibility: Working on game changing healthcare solution that involves doctors, phlebotomist, patients and labs. My role is to drive the entire product journey while creating product backlogs, sprint planning, sprint execution, scrum meetings, sprint retrospective and client coordination. 
Business Area: On Demand Home Service, Africa 
Period: May16 
Current 
Role: Project Manager 
Responsibility: Working on On demand home service mobile app covering customer app, service provider app and admin panel. My role is to drive the entire product journey while creating product backlogs, sprint planning, sprint execution, scrum meetings, sprint retrospective and client coordination. 
Business Area: Transportation & Delivery, USA 
Period: March16 - Current 
Role: Project Manager 
Responsibility: Working on on demand taxi and delivery service mobile app covering customer app, service provider app and admin panel. The app is combination of both taxi service and goods delivery. My role is to do project scoping, define user stories, sprint planning, sprint execution, scrum meetings, sprint retrospective and client coordination. 
Business Area: On Demand Grocery, Qatar 
Period: June16 - Current 
Role: Project Manager 
Responsibility: Working on on demand grocery delivery mobile app covering customer app, service provider app and admin panel. The app involves covering different units of supply chain management including product inventory management, orders management, logistic management and payment integration. My role is to do project scoping, define user stories, sprint planning, sprint execution, scrum meetings, sprint retrospective, resource management and client coordination. 
IT SKILLS 
Proficiency in Microsoft Excel, Word & PowerPoint, Visio. 
Hands-on experience in PM smart, PLM and Jira project management tool. 
Hands-on experience in SQL Server, HTML, JavaScript and CSS. 
Hands-on experience in programming language C++, Java, PHP. 
Hands-on experience in android and ios operating system. 
Hands-on experience in QC, Bugzilla, Mantis defect tracking tools. 
Hands-on experience in Clear Case and Tortoise SVN configuration management tool. 
Hands-on experience in SPSS data analytic tool. 
EXTRAMURAL ENGAGEMENTS 
Cricket 
Photography 
Traveling 
CSR activities. 
PERSONAL DETAILS Date of Birth: 01, October, 1986 
Address: 1039, GH-14, Paschim Vihar, New-Delhi, 110087 
Languages Known: 
English, Hindi. 
