CURRICULUM 
VITAE 
K Nagaraju. 
Email id- karan.xento123@gmail.com Saidabad, Hyderabad-500059. 
Mob. No:- 91-8465019642 OBJECTIVE :Intend to build a career with leading corporate of Hi-tech environment with committed and dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. Willing to work as a key player in challenging and creative environment. 
CURRENT STATUS: 
B.E with specialization in Computer Science and Engineering from Matrusri Engineering College, Saidabad, Hyderabad 
With 60% . 
TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS : 
Qualification University/Board Passing Year Stream Percentage 
B.E 
Osmania university 2016 Computer Science Engineering 60% 
ACADEMICQUALIFICATIONS: 
Qualification Passing Year Board Percentage InterMediate(M.P.C) 2012 Board of Intermediate 76.3% S.S.C 2010 Board of Secondary Education, Telangana 69% 
IT Skills: 
Technical skills:-C, Java, Android Developer, JSON, REST. 
Operating system: - Windows XP, 7, 8.1. 
Experience: 
Currently working as Android developer in Hew software Solutions for past Three months. 
PROJECT UNDERTAKEN : 
Name:- Android sentence framer Application. 
English is one of the easier languages to learn, compared to other complex languages. Learning English is useful for many reasons, but achieving true fluency takes extra dedication and determination. While you may speak excellent English, youre not considered fluent until you achieve a certain fluidity in speaking and feel comfortable using expressions and idioms. To master in English sentence and fluency, we here developed a software project named Sentence Framer. The application displays various categories like food, games, breakfast, etcfrom which the user can select any one of the category to display the contents of it. After selection of any one category, the application allows user to select multiple images of his choice from which the application frames a sentence and displays to the user. User can access the system directly without any login. This is how user could easily construct English sentences and also can learn a lot from this system 
Name :- Interview Chance Android Application. 
In my previous company worked on Interview chance Application, which actually helps user to increase their profile strength and chances to hire. the Project contain Basically three module, which are Job seeker, Recruiter, TQT module, we were two maintaining Complete project. 
I completely worked on Job seeker Module independently, With the help of skills job seeker can get most relevant opportunities. He or she can show their talent in an effective way. These concepts need to reflect on his Resume. 
Personal Details: 
Fathers name : 
K Ramulu 
Date of birth 
: 2ndJune, 1991 Marital Status : Unmarried 
Nationality 
: Indian 
Contact No. 
: 
9912547072 Language known : Hindi, English, Telugu 
Hobbies 
: playing computer games, listening music. 
About myself : sincere about my job, hard worker, team worker, positive attitude, good programming skills. 
DELARATION 
I hereby declare that the information given above is correct to the best of my knowledge. 
Place:Mumbai, Signature 
Date:7-9-2016. 
(K Nagaraju). 
