 B VENKAT SATEESH 
Mobile: +91-9980799941 
E-Mail: sateeshvenkat@yahoo.com (mailto:sateeshvenkat@yahoo.com) 
Synopsis 
8 years of overall experience in Software Quality assurance in applying testing methodologies, create test plans and execute and automate test suite with exposure to the full product development lifecycle - from requirements through post-release. 
Knowledge of SDLC, STLC and Defect life cycle. 
Experience in Designing test plans, test cases and scenarios as per requirement provided. 
Experience performing end-to-end application testing, Functional, Integration, Regression, Sanity and Smoke, User acceptance testing and defect management. 
4 Years of Proficiency in writing Manual Test Cases. 
Hands of Solid Experience in SDLC process using Waterfall, Agile Scrum Model 4 Years Hands on Experience in of Selenium Webdriver in designing Data Driven Framework, Page Object Model Framework TestNG, Cucumber, JBehave Hands on Experience of writing automated tests using AngularJS Protractor Jasmine 3 Years Hands on Experience in Testing Mobile Automation using Appium 2 year of Hand on experience on Core Java programming 1.3 year of Hand on experience on C# Hands-on knowledge of Continuous Integration tools such as Jenkins, TeamCity 3 Year Hands on Experience of REST API Automation and SOAP Automation using SOAP and Java/C# 2 Year of Hands of Experience in Performance Testing using JMeter Tool and Grinder 
3 Years Experience in Database Testing on Oracle and SQL Server(Joins) Hands on Experience in RTM, Test Plan ,Test Case Design ,Defect Matrix Reporting 
Proficient with test management and defect tracking tools and associated reports, such as HP ALM 11.52 and JIRA, Test Link 
Hands on Experience in Defect Reporting and Tracking Tools like Bugzilla 
HP ALM/QC, Microsoft MTM ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE 
May15-Till Date 
Collabera Technologies Ltd, Bangalore as Sr.QA Engineer 
Aug14-Apr 15 Trianz Holdings Pvt Ltd, Bangalore as Technical Test Lead 
Apr12-Jul 14 Spectra Force Technologies Ltd., Hyderabad as Senior Software Test Engineer 
Sep06-Mar12 
Analogics Tech India Ltd., Hyderabad as Senior Software Test Engineer 
Technical Proficiency 
Technologies: Java, C# 
Development Tools: 
Microsoft VS 2013,Eclipse 
Automation Tools: 
Selenium Webdriver 
Database: Oracle & SQL Server 2008 
Defect Tracking Tools: 
Test Link HP ALM 11.52,Microsoft MTM 
Test Management Tools: Microsoft TFS ,HP ALM ,Test Link 
Configuration Management: TFS 2010 & SVN 
Operating System: Windows, Linux 
ACADEMIC DETAILS 
2004 
B-Tech (Computers) from DVR College of Engineering & Technology, Hyderabad, University with 67% 
2000 XII from Nalanda Junior College, Hyderabad, Intermediate Board of Education with 80% 
1998 X from St Alphonsas High School, Location, and Board of Secondary Education with 81% Onsite Experience 
MBH Group LTD, Lagos (Jan10 Apr10) Senior Test Engineer 
Title: Mobile Workforce Solution 
Client: MBH Group Ltd., Lagos 
Period: Jan10-Apr10 
Team Size: 7 
Role: 
Test Lead 
Technology Used: Java, Tomcat, JSP, Serlvets, J2ME, Linux, Perforce & Oracle 10g 
Tools: HP ALM 
Description: 
Mobile Workforce Solution was an integrated, end-to-end solution based service that looked into the availability of automated field operations via. State-of-the-market dispatch scheduled and routed. It optimized the service chain, improved workforce productivity and reduced operating expenses. 
Responsibilities: 
Understanding the Requirements and Functional Specifications of the application. 
Participated in identifying the required Test scenarios for Dealer module. 
Prepared and Executed Test Cases as per System Requirements for Supplier module. 
Performed various black box testing Methodologies Like functional testing, Compatibility Testing, Database Testing, Usability Testing, Regression testing and Server Log Files Testing. 
Defect Reporting and Tracking using Bugzilla. 
Extensively performed Manual Testing process to ensure the quality of the software. 
Professional Experience 
Collabera Technologies Ltd, Bangalore 
(May2015Till Date) 
Senior QA Engineer 
Project 1#: Customer Master Data Management 
Client: 
Dell International Services Pvt Ltd 
Domain: 
Ecommerce 
Period: 
Since May15 
Team Size: 10 
Role: 
Senior QA Engineer 
Tools: 
Visual Studio C#, Microsoft MTM/TFS, Selenium, Team City, JMeter 
Description: Master Data Management (MDM) provides organizations with a systematic way to organize synchronize and standardize their data across multiple applications, locations and domains. Trajectorys approach to MDM provides a configurable, rule-driven framework that recognizes duplicates, intelligently applies real-time recommendations to data structure and classification, and ensures that data lineage is preserved Responsibilities across the project: 
Working as Individual Contributor to team Identify the Test Scenario and Test Scripts and get approval from client. 
Execute the manual test scripts in Microsoft Test Manager and provide the test status to TPM and client in agile environment 
Identify the defects using MTM and participate in Daily defect review with client Responsible for running the scrum daily defect triage process 
Designed the Data Driven Framework using selenium to execute UI Automation. 
Automated the Web application and performed the cross browser testing on different platforms. 
Automated the Test Scripts to perform Web services testing using SOAP Services 
Executed the performance testing using JMeter tool 
Modified automated test scripts as per system functionality and functional requirements. 
Prepared and implemented automation test scripts for Smoke, Sanity and regression tests. Attended Demos and met with Client for User Acceptance and providing QA Signoff on the testing. 
Execute automation scripts and notify through email using Team city. 
TRIANZ HOLDINGS PVT LTD, Bangalore (Aug2014Apr2015) Technical Lead 
Project 1#: BRINKS.COM 
Client: Brinks 
Domain: Security and Logistics 
Period: Aug14-Apr 15 Team Size: 10 
Role: 
Technical Test Lead 
Tools: 
Selenium Webdriver 2.0, Eclipse, Jenkins, HP ALM 11.5, TFS, JMeter 
Description: Brinks Customer Portal project involves development of Customer Portal system using Liferay. The portal system will be integrated with the existing seven downstream applications (iOrder, iDeposit, iATM, iReport, iProfile, Check Imaging System (CIS)). 
The portal system will have multi-lingual capabilities. The site developed will be responsive supporting hand-hold devices (Mobile and Tab). It will also have Single Sign on (SSO) capability Responsibilities across the project: 
Preparing the Test Strategy and Test Plan and review with Test Manager 
Involved the Test Scenario design and perform the test scripts review written by QA team get the approval from client 
Involved in writing Requirement Tractability Matrix (RTM) and get approval from client 
Defining the testing activities for subordinates using TFS tool. Logged the Defects in HP ALM and participated the Daily Defect review with client Designed and implemented Page Object Model managed Selenium test automation processes using BDD Cucumber. 
Performed the Responsive web design testing using selenium automation 
Prioritized the test scripts and assign to QA team to automate and use to run Smoke, Sanity and Regression suites Execute automation scripts and notify through email using Jenkins. 
Automated the Web application and performed the cross browser testing on different platforms 
Automated the Mobile application On IOS and Android Devices 
Automated, debugged and resolved issues in test scripts 
Executed the performance testing using JMeter tool. 
Building and managing different test execution phases (SIT, UAT, Functional Sprints) 
Prepare the Test Metrics and Daily Status Report and submitted to client. 
Participate in weekly test planning, project status meetings and reviews. 
Attended Demos and met with Client for User Acceptance and providing QA Signoff on the testing. 
Working closely with Test Manager and provide the status of team members on weekly basis. 
Professional Experience SPECTRAFORCE TECHNOLOGIES LTD, Hyderabad (Apr2012Jul 2014) 
Senior Test Engineer 
Project 1#: BookThatDoc.com 
Client: BookThatDoc.com 
Domain: 
Healthcare 
Period: 
Since Mar14 
Team Size: 5 
Role: 
Test Lead 
Tools: 
Selenium Webdriver 2.0, Test Link Eclipse, Jenkins, 
Description: BookThatDoc.com is a free service to instantly book doctor's appointments online. With just a few clicks you can find a doctor near you that accepts your insurance, and a book an appointment instantly. It's that easy, BookThatDoc.com makes finding the right doctor a convenient and enjoyable experience 24 hours a day. No more phone calls, waiting lists or answering services - you can even narrow your search by several options including gender, specialty, and language. We are excited to help you stay healthy through this amazing free service! 
Project 2#: GPSaaS (GPS as a Service) 
Client: SecurusGPS (USA), Hyderabad 
Period: 
Since Aug13 
Team Size: 13 
Role: 
Test Lead 
Technology Used: 
C#.Net, ASP.Net 4.0, WCF, WPF, SqlServer 2008 
Tools: 
Selenium Webdriver, Eclipse, TestNG, Jenkins, QC 2010 
Description: GPSaaS completed modular machine-to-machine platform offers virtually unlimited ways to fulfill business tracking needs. GPSaaS is robust tracking system which can be configured to meet diverse needs. 
Project 3#: Letter Mark 
Client: Research Triangle Software (USA), Hyderabad 
Period: Jan13 to July13 
Team Size: 8 
Role: 
Sr.QA Engineer 
Technology Used: C#.Net, ASP.Net 4.0, WCF, WPF, SqlServer 2008 
Tools: VSTS Coded UI, TFS 2010 
Description: Letter Mark Web-enhanced e-mail is an interactive marketing tool which is being designed for business. This technology converts plain text e-mails into a powerful marketing and branding tool by adding customized interactive templates. The messages include an e-mail business card, company logo, etc. that goes with the Letter Mark e-mail, so that every time an employee hit send, they extend their brand to promote products, services, special events and news. 
Project 4#: WhiteTrruffle 
Client: WhiteTrruffle 
Period: May12 to Dec12 
Team Size: 13 
Role: 
Sr.QA Engineer 
Technology Used: 
C#.Net, ASP.Net 4.0, WCF, WPF, SqlServer 2008 
Tools: 
Selenium Webdriver, TestNG, Jenkins, Eclipse 
Description: WhiteTrruffle is job site where employer searches for candidate uses work history, skills, location, re-location, and other unique data to ensure that the right candidate is always matched with a relevant position. Matches are delivered to your inbox as they come in, and we introduce you only to the candidates or employers you actually want to talk to. 
Responsibilities across the project: 
Involved the Test Scenario design and Test Scripts review based on Requirements 
Involved in writing Requirement Tractability Matrix (RTM) detailed Test Plan and Test scenarios. 
Identified, analyze, and document defects using Jira and Mantis defect tracking system 
Designed and implemented Page Object Model managed Selenium test automation processes for Web and Mobile Application using TestNG Automated, debugged and resolved issues in test scripts Supported and updated test libraries, applications, scripts and data files. 
Prepared and implemented test scripts for Smoke, Sanity and regression tests to run automation scripts 
Performed Cross Browser Testing on both Desktop and Mobile devices 
Prepare the Test Metrics and Daily Status Report 
Tested Web app, Native app using Appium for automated the mobile testing and run the scripts for multiple devices with Java using Appium Tool and also performs manual testing according to the requirements. 
Participate in weekly test planning, project status meetings and reviews. 
ANALOGICS TECH INDIA LTD, Hyderabad 
(Sept2006 
Mar2012) 
Senior Software Test Engineer (Reporting to Project Manager) Project 1#: IEE Meter Data Management Solution (www.tatapower.atil.info) 
Client: Tata Power Ltd 
Period: Jul11-Mar12 
Team Size 
26 
Role: 
Sr.QA Engineer 
Technology Used: C#.Net, Asp.Net 3.5, WPF, SqlServer 2008 
Tools: 
Manual Testing, QTP 10.0, QC 10.0 
Description: Enterprise Data Management Solution managed interval register and event data in central repository for residential and C&I Customers, looking into the interface of huge data. IEE MDM interface eased the process of analyzing billing. 
Project 2#: Debt Collection System 
Client: IndusInd Bank Ltd., (Hyderabad & Chennai) 
Period: Jun10-Apr11 
Team Size: 6 
Role: 
QA Engineer Technology Used: Java, J2EE, JSP, HTML, Apache Tomcat 6.0 
Description: Debt Collection System was developed to help the process of collating amount through various kinds of loans, issue receipt (customer) and updating details in database followed by generation of various reports. 
Project 3#: Cash Cards (www.itzcash.com) 
Client: Etolie (Pex International Ltd.), Mauritius & Hyderabad 
Period: Sep08-Sep09 
Team Size: 6 
Role: 
QA Engineer 
Technology Used: IIS 6.0, C#, ASP.NET, Windows Server 2008, SQL Server 2008 
Description: This project was developed to facilitate the affiliation of customers in applying for cash card through partner sites. It was created to give an application interface to the affiliate. 
Project 4#: Meter to Cash 
Client: Reliance Energy Ltd., Mumbai 
Period: Oct06-Jun07 
Team Size: 5 
Role: 
Project Co-ordinator 
Technology Used: C#.Net 2.0, ASP.Net 2.0, SqlServer 2008 
Description: The project developed consumer application enabling BSES to build intelligence about its consumers with focus on commercial losses. It identified cases where consumption record was significantly less than estimated consumption for the consumer profile. 
Responsibilities across the project: 
Analyzing the Requirements from the client Preparing Test Scenarios, test cases 
Executing various black box testing methodologies Handling test cases for new functionality Execute Test cases using update defects using HP ALM 
Involve in Defect Review meeting with Managers and Developers 
Attending meeting with developers & managers to analyze risk of product Personal Details 
Date of Birth: 14th May, 1982 
Marital status: Married 
Languages Known: English, Telugu, Tamil and Hindi 
Location Preference: Bangalore 
Reference: Available upon request 
