Satyajeet Kumar Dubey 
Senior Project Controller, Deloitte Consulting India Pvt. Ltd. 
Summary: 
Satyajeet Dubey is employed with Deloitte since August 2008. He focuses on providing Industry insight and the best service to the client. Satyajeet has achieved a trusted business advisor relationship with all his clients. 
Satyajeet is also the Quality champion for the Project Controller group and has been recognized by the superiors and Leaders as a committed professional. His primary focus areas are Quality and delivering exceptional client service. He is highly pro-active in developing self and manages the expectations understanding the client s business works. 
Senior Consultant-Project Controller, Deloitte Consulting India 
Pvt. Ltd, April, 16- current 
Responsibilities: 
Revenue Recognition and making sure that there is no revenue leakage. 
Managing the projects of central US. 
Tracking the project financials and financial summary of the projects. 
Budgeting and forecasting the project financials Preparing the MIS report for higher Management. 
Perform weekly Utilization report for service line / Service area under US India Consulting. 
Monitor project expenditures (time and expense) and ensure compliance as per firm policies. 
Perform budget & rolling forecast analysis for India service line/Area. 
Implement project financial processes utilizing firm financial management tools and supporting spreadsheet creation. 
Perform cost variance and project performance analytics, identifying trends impacting standard cost assumptions. 
Prepare and analyze profitability report. 
Work on the Activity Forecasting and Expense Forecasting and make necessary changes during the Project Life Cycle. 
Responsible for generating, reviewing and analyzing reports. 
Perform the tasks of overseeing and monitoring project management and implementation of cost control. 
Perform the tasks of overseeing and monitoring project management and implementation of cost control. 
MOBILE: 
9885147323 
E-MAIL: 
Satyajeet111@gmail.com 
SPECIALIZATION: 
Project Control 
Human Resource 
Learning & Development 
Employee Relations 
Project Management 
COMPUTER LITERACY: 
MS-Office Internet Savvy 
EDUCATION: 
M.B.A (H.R) 
B. Com 
PROFESSIONAL 
AFFILIATIONS: 
Harvard Leadership 
Essentials 
Harvard Management 
Essentials 
Harvard Stepping Up to Management 
Harvard Leadership 
Transition 
Satyajeet Kumar Dubey 
Page 2 of 3 Perform Variance Analysis on Financials to determine the difference between Actuals verses the Plan. 
Perform financial reporting to the top management. 
Perform expense analysis and pass Journal Entries on requirement basis. 
Maintain and communicate project status to all stakeholders in reports and status meetings. 
Report the Estimate at Completion figure with the Current Trend on the Project. 
Managing the team of 6 professionals and also be the auditor for their daily performance Project Controller- April '13 to April '16 Partnered with executive leadership in managing project plans and timelines to execute client deliverables 
Developed improved processes to drive efficiencies around invoicing timelines 
Drove forecasting process to support revenue recognition analysis 
Interact regularly with Project lead/supervisor to present various analyses, discuss recommendations and provide project advice. 
Supervised and mentored staff of four analysts in executing daily tasks and achieving career goals Acted as a subject matter expert in support of multiple financial tool and process pilots 
Provided analysis to mitigate financial risk and enhance profitability results 
Provide regular updates to senior managers and team Created performance metrics to identify process improvements and potential cost savings 
Prepared internal and end user control documents in accordance with Deloitte policies & compliance Provided ETC vs EAC analysis for each program on a monthly basis Traveled to United States Detroit, Michigan to get first-hand experience of client sites and get Global exposure in April, 2016 Satyajeet Kumar Dubey 
Page 2 of 4 Analyst- Admin & Ops (Talent Development Shared Services), August 2008 to April 2013. 
General Administration: 
Provide general administration services to the Learning leadership, but not limited to, attending meetings; creating agendas; supporting and maintaining e-room and coordinating /gathering information for Learning & Development Services. 
Track expenditures and perform the Vendor bill and payment functions. 
Support the production of a variety of management reports. 
Interact regularly with Project lead/supervisor to present various analyses, discuss recommendations and provide project advice. 
Gather program materials and coordinate distribution with Learning 
Team 
Format presentations and other documents based on input from Learning leaders Coordinate program needs with Learning & Development Services on behalf of Learning Team 
Provide regular updates to senior managers and team Participate on key planning/debrief calls to provide a written record for future use. 
Maintain and support Leadership e-Room. Ensure content is uploaded and updated. Provide appropriate access to e-Room. Clean up older documentation. 
Review monthly program expenses compared to budget. Raise awareness of any anomalies found in the reporting. 
Perform Quality management and improvise on the standards of project management. 
SharePoint Support: 
Used standard template, building Learning Communities (SharePoint sites). 
Learning Communities are SharePoint sites used to provide learning teams with a "one stop shop" for information, informal learning and performance support. 
Page 3 of 4 Satyajeet Kumar Dubey 
Provide new user access, update content and add links to external sites. 
Monitor blogs and wikis on the site. 
Manage content. Keep information fresh, updated and posted on the site. 
Looking for opportunities to develop the standard templates and the overall performance and working of SharePoint support team. 
Coordinate Communications: 
Worked with leaders to draft and distribute communications for specific audiences and in drafting monthly newsletter journals. 
Organized all communications and update communication plan Coordinate on communication between additional parties in India who provide support to FSS teams. 
Assist in faculty confirmations of Welcome 2 Deloitte Tax by region/local office. 
Help and manage queries from learners (i.e., related to program communications). 
Manage Inboxes: 
Monitored mailboxes for questions that come in regarding any learning question from learners or leadership. 
Research learner or leadership inquiries and respond, assign emails to Subject 
Matter Expert s where applicable. 
Associate Analyst- Class Management team- Learning & Development 
Respond to technical questions/issues related to Saba LMS, CPE Credits and eLearning. 
Acquire end to end knowledge of the Saba LMS and identify areas of improvement in the process to reduce the discrepancies and turnaround time. 
Understand the system/process intricacies maintain 100% knowledge transfer to team members. 
Act as a key interface between Process owners / Managers and team members. 
Actively participate in testing and assist peers in getting acquainted with the changes in Saba LMS. 
Help peers in first time resolutions and reduce email traffic. 
As an SME: Set-up eLearning and Classroom courses in Saba LMS and Audit the email responses and deliverables to ensure accuracy, timeliness and completeness Page 4 of 4 Satyajeet Kumar Dubey 
Reports: Generating various reports like Registrations Report, Learning 
Completions Report, Schedule Class Listing Report, Compliance, Completions and Periodic Reports. 
Coordinate with Vendor in case of System downtime and other technology issues 
Accomplishments: 
Received an Applause Award and Spot Awards for maintaining high quality in client deliverables. 
Received a Quality Award for 100% quality work and meeting the SLA for the year 2009. 
Mentored/ coached/trained team members with various activities performed under Project Controller team. 
Independently Handled the Special Projects with minimum supervision and always been appreciated for the hard work. 
Received various other awards and certificates of appreciation for dedication towards Community Involvement Programs for consecutive years. 
Been a successful Project Manager for 5 years for a Impact Day (CSR) thread called Pet Pals . 
