CurriCulum Vitae 
Professional Synopisis 9+ Years experience in designing for print and web publications. 
Proficient in applications such as Adobe Indesign CS6, Photoshop CS6, Illustrator CS6, Corel Draw, Acrobat 
Professional & Dreamweaver. 
Ability to handle well with clients and vendors Expert in Designing Templates, Graphic Illustrations, Newspaper, Magazines Page Layout, Flyer, Brochure, Hoardings and Web Banner, Catalogue, Advertisement and Logo. 
C. GOPAL 
Graphic Designer nandhagk@gmail.com 
Cell: 7358606138 & 8754848876 Objective 
A challenging position in a dynamic and progressive company where my creative talents and innovative capabilities can be effectively utilized. 
Computer Literacy 
Operating System: 
Windows95/98/2000/XPWindows7 
Softwares: 
Adobe Indesign CS6, Adobe Illustrator CS6, Adobe Photoshop CS6, Adobe Pagemaker, Corel Draw, MS word, Equation editor, Table editor & Photo Scanning 
Execlusive Summary 
Talented graphic design lead with seven years experience in graphic design who is highly motivated, creative, and versatile. Especially skilled in Layout Artist. Adept at innovating user experience for the web and multimedia applications. Excep-tional interpersonal skills with team members and subordinates. Accomplished at incorporating the desires of the client with a superior design solution. Seeking a company that demands high-quality design to further business goals and professional image. 
Chennai Realty 2011 to till date Sr. Graphic Designer - Responsible for Chennai Realty Magazine layout designing and creativity - 
Designing flyer, Brochure, Hoardings and Web Banner, Catalogue, and Logo. 
- Creating advertisement for the customer and getting approval - Handling vendors for printing Sun Group 2007 to 2011 Paginator cum Layout Designer (Graphic Designer) - Dinakaran, Tamilmurasu (Tamil Newspaper) Vannathirai, Mutharam, Anmiga Palan, Vasantham (Tamil Magazine) Muthagam 
2005 to 2007 
Paginator cum Layout Designer (Book Work) 
Dynamic Software Solution (DSS) 
2004 to 2005 Data Entry Operator 
Additional Knowledge 
Basic HTML, Adobe Dreamweaver 
Nature of work Creating Layout usingAdobe Photoshop,Adobe Indesign,Adobe 
Illustrator,Illustrator Hand Writing. 
Area of interest Creative Designing 
Thanking You 
C. Gopal 
(Graphic Designer) Technical Qualifications - Diploma in Computer Application (DCA) - Typing - English & Tamil Speed 
Qualification - (BBA) Bachelor of Business Administration - (XII) Government Higher Secondary School in Pallikaranai - (X) Government Higher Secondary School in Pallikaranai 
Personal Details 
Name : C. Gopal 
Father Name : 
S. Chandrasekar (Late) 
Mother Name : 
C. Parvathi 
Date of Birth : 01-05-1985 
Sex : 
Male 
Marital Status : 
Married 
Religion : 
Hindu 
Natinality : Indian Educational 
Qualification : 
B.B.A., D.C.A 
Blood Group : B+ 
Address : No.49, G-4 Valliammal Apartment, Vallalar 3rd Cross Street, Chelli Nagar Selaiyur, Chennai-600 073. 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Hobbies 
Playing Cricket and Football, Watching Television, Listing Songs 
