ARUN RAVI MECHANICAL ENGINEER CONTACT DETAILS 
Mobile No: +971 - 52 - 4619662 
Email: arunalhepco@gmail.com 
P.O.BOX - 64815 
Sharjah, UAE EXECUTIVE SUMMATION 
A 
Performance driven Professional with nearly 5+ years of experience in the field of construction MEP works, coordination with contractors and vendors, ensuring quality of work and material and preparing management information reports and delivering it on time. 
EDUCATION 
June.2008 
May 2011 Mahatma Gandhi University, Kerala 
Bachelors of Technology in Mechanical Engineering 
June.2004 
May 2007 
Carmel Polytechnic College, Kerala 
Diploma in Mechanical Engineering 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Nov.2015 
Till Date Al Hayat Al Hadeaa Tech. Cont. (Sharjah, UAE) 
Designation: Mechanical Engineer 
Responsibilities: 
Review the tender package including scope, design drawings, and specifications. 
Interpret, identify and raise queries for any variations in the provided tender documents to Client & Consultant. 
Coordinate with vendors and subcontractors; respond to their queries to receive quotation for the materials and subcontractor works Preparation of the bill of quantities and related documents for submitting tenders. 
Manage the day to day work and give proper directions to the MEP team. 
Makes the follow up with SEWA and DEWA regarding the work approvals and inspections. 
Prepare weekly Logs of Submittals of SD,MS 
Prepare Monthly progress report of the site work. 
Deal with Contractor s RFIs relating to the MEP works. 
Prepare technical clarifications to the tendered design to suit specific on- site construction and co-ordination issues, if needed. 
Undertake prior review of Contractor s proposed mechanical system testing & commissioning methods and schedule. 
Witness on-site Inspection and other testing that may be required during the first fix works. 
Attend project, site progress and any MEP related technical meetings. 
Set up meetings to resolve specific site problems as required for minimizing program delays. 
Advice on long lead MEP items that may affect progress of the works. 
June.2011 
Oct.2015 Techno Green MEP Solutions ( India) 
Designation: Assistant Engineer (Projects) 
Responsibilities: 
Directly reports to the Senior Project Engineer and Project Manager 
Attend site visits to gather information at site and identify the requirements of the project. 
Participate in clarification meetings to make clear understanding of the scope and clarify the queries, if any. 
Itemize the materials and works involved in the project. 
Assists in preparing Project schedule based on Client requirement. 
Preparation of manpower estimate for the proposed schedule. 
ARUN RAVI MECHANICAL ENGINEER TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY 
MS Excel 
MS PowerPoint Outlook Express AutoCAD 
Primavera P6 
HVAC 
Ansys 
Solidworks 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Develop cost summaries for materials, direct and indirect manpower, site facilities, equipment s and other related subcontractor works Identification and recording of the assumptions / exceptions / deviations made for the preparation of estimates. 
On award of the contract, convey the assumptions & other factors considered in the tender, to the Site Execution team to ensure that Tender margins are met. 
Assist the Contracts Manager for the preparation of Technical and Commercial Submission Documents. 
Certifying subcontractor payments Preparing Project Commercial Reports Monitoring site progress / activities, Identify and raise variations 
June.2007 May.2008 DC Mills Pvt Ltd. ( India) 
Designation: Supervisor (Production) 
Responsibilities: 
Directly reports to the Senior Production Engineer 
Supervision: Team work, Job allocation, Production Controlling, Maintenance 
Preparing Daily, Weekly, Monthly, Yearly Production Reports SKILLS & ATTRIBUTES 
Ability to take risk and deal with people diplomatically Hard working, confident, highly organized, enthusiastic and oriented. 
Extremely well versed with computer and many related applications. 
Excellent presentation skills, business/ corporate correspondence and communications skills in verbal and written English language. 
Organizing /planning work flow to meet periodical deliverables within the dead line. 
Takes initiative and works independently or as part of a group High-end satisfaction level and hard working for achieving quality results. 
Nationality: 
Indian 
DOB: 
24-04-1986 Marital 
Status: 
Married 
Languages 
Known: 
English, Hindi, Tamil, Malayalam 
Visa Status: 
Employment 
Visa(Transferable 
anytime) 
Passport No: 
N3920669 
Place of Issue: 
Cochin 
