 RESUME Siva Sankari J Mobile:+8281229506 E-mail:chanki2819@gmail.com 
Objective 
Looking for 
a challenging 
career which demands the best of my professional ability in terms of technical and analytical skills, and helps me in broadening and enhancing my current skill and knowledge. 
Work experience WordPress - 2month experience in Brandsource Technologies 
Project 
Title 
A 
Biometrics Approach Based On Finger Vein For Individual Personal Identification 
Description 
In the proposed system design the new approach in the biometrics, i.e., the finger-vein recognition system, which achieves significantly improved performance over previously proposed approaches such as finger texture and fingerprint recognition system.During training, the features are extracted for all the images present in the database. During testing, the features are extracted for single query input image.The test image feature has been compared with the trained features and thus the matching process was done. If the features are matched means, the corresponding person was recognized and result as genuine.If it was not matched means, it will result as fake. 
Mini Project 
Foreign trading system Passport automation system Area Of Interest 
Data Base Management System(DBMS). 
Object Oriented Programming Structure Concepts. 
Web Designing Concepts Usings HTML,PHP. 
Extracurricular activities Won the First Grade in State Level THULIR Scientific Awareness Talent Test 
Conducted By Tamilnadu Science Forum. 
Member of NSS. 
Academic 
Qualifications 
Course Of Study Institute Board/University 
Percentage/ Cgp Year Of Passing 
B.E 
(CSE) National college of Engineering,Tirunelveli. 
Anna University 6.6% 2012-2016 HSC Amala convent Girls Hr.sec.school,Thuckalay. 
StateBoard 76% 2011-2012 SSLC Amala convent Girls Hr.sec.school,Thuckalay. 
StateBoard 88% 2009-2010 Technical Proficiency 
Operating Systems 
: Windows 
Programming Languages : Java, C, C++ 
Web Technologies : HTML,PHP,Wordpress, Microsoft Technologies 
: VB Co-Curricular Activities 
Attended one day Workshop in Mobile security at CMC Academy(CMC Ltd, A subsidiary of TCS Ltd)- Tirunelveli. 
Undergone training about software development skills in LansA Informatics Pvt Ltd Coimbatore. Gained Knowledge about Mobile Security System in CMC Academy(CMC Ltd, A subsidiary of TCS Ltd)- Tirunelveli. 
Participated Debugging in intra department technical symposium at national college of engineering-Tirunelveli. 
Personal Strength 
Easy understanding capability 
Hardworking 
Confident 
Personal 
Profile 
Fathers Name 
: Mr.Jaya Prakaash S 
Date Of Birth & Age 
: 14.06.1995 & 21 
Gender : Female. Marital Status : Single 
Nationality 
: Indian. Languages Known 
: English, Malayalam And Tamil. 
Permanent Address : 14/83-1, Kasthoori Bai Grammam, 
Theroor-629 704, Kanyakumari Dist. 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that all the above said facts are true to my knowledge. 
Date: Yours sincerely, 
Place : Nagercoil (J.Siva sankari) 
