Naveen Kumar Aadalarasan 96/751, (G.H.B) Sarvodayanagar Khokhra, Hatkeshwar, Ahmedabad 380026 
Mobile No :- +91
8866266163 E-mail :- navin_mudaliyar@yahoo.com (mailto:navin_mudaliyar@yahoo.com) Total Year of Experience:- 5 years Working with India Gold Policy Center (IIMA), as Research Assistant from (15th Sep, 2016). 
Worked with Indian Institute of Management Ahmadabad, as a Clerical Assistant in Transport Department (form 14th March, 2016 to 31st July, 2016) 
Responsibilities: - Looking after car booking of faculties and office staff. 
Coordinating with faculties for their transport facilities. 
Maintaining Log books of the Institute vehicle. 
Keeping record of the booking on daily basis. 
Preparing report on daily basis. 
Preparing route permission letter for bus booking. 
Sorting and checking of various cab vendors bills. 
Worked with Pon Pure Chemical India Pvt. Ltd. As a Executive Accounts from 1st October, 2014 to 12th March, 2016) 
Responsibilities:- 
Monitoring of RG I Register (Daily Stock Accounts). 
Monitoring of RG-23A-II for Cenvat Taken (Input). 
Online filing of Excise returns and Trading returns on monthly basis. 
Submission of excise returns ER-1. Maintaining separate files for the proof of material received and sales. 
Maintaining petty cash on daily basis and making entry on ERP. Assessment of Excisable goods to Excise duty under Central Excise Law & Procedure. 
Checking Invoices for Trading & Manufacturing relating to quantity and price. 
Applying for Cancellation of Invoices online as well as in ERP. 
Looking after timely dispatch of goods as per the customer requirement. 
Taking inward of materials received in ERP. 
Obtaining daily stock from ERP and matching it with physically availability. 
Coordinating with marketing and sales team. Follow up for Sales order conformation with sales team. 
Coordinating with customer for rejection and complaints. 
Forwarding rejection report to QA for checking of the materials on customer place. 
Worked with Indian Institute of Management, Ahmadabad as a Proofreader from 1st November, 2012up to 30th Sep. 2014. 
Responsibilities:- 
Editing of the cases as per the requirement. 
Proof reading Preparing Course materials of PGP (Post graduate programme) 
Distribution of course materials Ordering cases from the different databases 
Finding articles from the various databases Undertaking photocopy and scanning work of faculties and AAs, RAs 
Maintaining records of different invoices of book vendors Worked with Elite core Technologies Pvt. Ltd as a Jr. Supply Chain Management Executive from 5th September, 2011 up to 1st Feb, 2012. 
Responsibilities:- 
Monitoring the warehouse stocks level & Space availability etc. 
Taking inward and outward entry of the appliances in inventory system. 
Preparing delivery challan on daily basis. 
Coordinating with customers regarding the problems and solving the problems. 
Dispatching the appliances as per the requirements of the customers. 
Upgrading the New appliances with requirement version of the customers. 
Checking the default appliance which is received from the customer. 
Arranging of dispatch through couriers on daily basis. 
Worked with Addrec Solutions Pvt. Ltd, as a System Administrator cum Accounts Assistant (Back office) from 23rd December, 2010 up to 10th Aug, 2011. 
Responsibilities:- 
Managing System hardware and software. 
Managing Network. 
Making Pay slips of employees. 
Taking day to day entry in bank pass books. 
Doing Monthly reconciliation of bank statements as well as companies. 
Academic Profile:- 
PERIOD QUALIFICATION BOARD/UNIVERSITY 
2010 MBA SIKKIM MANIPAL UNIVERSITY. 
2008 
B.Com Gujarat Uni. 
2005 H.S.C 
G.H.S.E.B 
2002 S.S.C G.S.E.B 
Certification:- 
Done A+ (Hardware) & N+ (Networking) course from Sai Technology with Honour grade. Done MCSA from Sai Technology with A grade. 
Done CCNA from Sai Technology with A grade. 
Done LINUX from Sai Technology with A grade. 
Key Strength:- 
Computer Literate 
Microsoft Windows, Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Oracle 
Communication Skills written and verbal abilities English. 
Having positive attitude. 
Ability to work individually as well as in team with equal efficiency. 
Interest:- 
To accept the new atmosphere surrounding me. 
Travelling 
Personal Vitiate:- 
Date of Birth : 18th July, 1986. 
Father Name : Aadalarasan Gopal Mudaliar 
Marital Status : Married 
Spouse Name : Vanitha Mudaliar 
Language Known : English, Hindi, Gujarati, Tamil. 
Passport No : K7708080 
