 AMITH JAIN H.Ss/o 
H.N SURESH,# 155,Nagapadma,13th cross,3rd phase, Girinagar,Bangalore-85 : +91 9972915742 
: amitsrk_r7@yahoo.co.in MBA with 3.3 years relevant experience into IT Recruitment. 
OBJECTIVE 
To take up challenging careers and grow consistently along with the organization. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
1. 
Company : Gipfel & Schnell Consulting Pvt Ltd. (Dec 2014 to till date) 
Designation : Executive Talent Acquisition 
Job Profile : 
Responsible for End to End Recruitment process from sourcing to on-boarding the candidates. 
Interacting with the clients & fulfilling their needs as per the required skill sets. 
Preliminary screening/shortlisting the right qualitative profile against the given requirement, conduct first level interview (telephonic) to check communication skills, domain skills, interest level, availability, salary, etc. 
Responsible for sourcing, screening, scheduling and offer negotiation with the candidate. 
Managing relationship & follow up with the candidates to ensure smooth on-boarding. 
Maintaining work, requirement reports on daily / weekly / monthly basis for future needs. 
Sourcing apt candidates through LinkedIn, in case of Niche requirements. 
2. 
Company : Planman Consulting Pvt Ltd. (June 2013 to Nov 2014) 
Designation : Associate Consultant 
Job Profile : 
Responsible for End to End Recruitment process. 
Interacting with the clients & fulfilling their needs as per the required skill sets. 
Responsible for sourcing, screening, scheduling and offer negotiation with the candidate. Manage and create postings in respective portals & other Job related sites. 
Sourcing apt candidates through LinkedIn, in case of Niche profiles. 
3. 
Company : IDBI Federal Life Insurance Co. Ltd. (April 2012 to Feb 2013) 
Designation : Manager Distribution 
Job Profile : 
Recruit Financial Advisors and generate revenue from them. 
Responsible for managing advisors training and guide them for IRDA licensing process. Give information regarding IRDA trainings, monthly contests and Rewards & Recognition. 
Responsible for managing the operations work and solve customers' problems and queries'. Achieve monthly and daily goal sheet targets in terms of business or recruitments. 
Academic Qualifications 
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science from Visvesvaraya Technological University, Karnataka, India. (2008) Master of Business Administration (Marketing & HR) from Mangalore University (2011) ACADEMIC PROJECT DETAILS 
Project Title: Effectiveness of Creativity in Outdoor Advertising of FMCG products. 
Company: Sujay Advertising, Bangalore. 
Tool used: Questionnaire was used as a tool for getting the primary data. 
Objective: To determine the effectiveness of creativity in outdoor advertising. 
Abstract: The study was done to determine the effectiveness of creativity in outdoor advertising of FMCG products by taking 50 consumers of FMCG products as sample size and a questionnaire was used as a tool for getting the primary data. The research design used is exploratory research design with survey method. The consumers of FMCG products in Bangalore were taken as sample unit. Type of sampling used was Convenience Sampling. 
CORE STRENGTHS 
Self confident person. 
Can handle difficult situations successfully. 
Good at decision making. 
Quick learner. 
Optimistic. 
ACHIEVEMENTS 
Received Rising Star award for my performance at IDBI Federal. 
Received Gold Medal for my performance at IDBI Federal. 
Personal Details: 
Fathers Name : H N Suresh 
Date of Birth : 15/01/1986 
Gender : Male 
Marital Status : Married 
Languages Known : Kannada, English & Hindi. 
DECLARATION 
I pledge and pronounce that all the above information is true to best of my knowledge. 
Date: / /2016 
Place: BANGALORE Amith Jain H S 
