 Aahana 
Dwivedi aahana.dwivedi@gmail.com Objective 
Seeking a position that provides me ample opportunity to explore & excel while carving out the niche for personal, professional as well as organizational goals Profile Summary 2.5+ years of experience in banking domain which includes driving Service Delivery, performing Gap analysis, developing and implementing growth opportunities, analyzing market trends and People Management. 
1.5+ year of experience in a leading E commerce company with core competencies in Project Management, Service Delivery and Operations. 
Have expertise in interaction and coordination with various internal departments for on-time completion of deliverables and driving Customer Experience. 
Possess natural flair for developing strategies to enhance clients/ customer relations, Quality Process, Process Management, Audit compliance, Training and Development. 
Hands on experience in managing Transitions and possess in-depth knowledge of entire operations ranging from ensuring SLAs, Process flows, Team/Performance, Forecasting and scheduling, Quality Checking, MIS, RCA(Root Cause Analysis)of failures & meeting the organization goals. 
Consummate professional with outstanding presentation and leadership skills, strong People Management Skills, capable of managing members having distributed skill sets, ensuring judicious utilization of resources, excellent planning, execution, monitoring and ability to build and lead effective teams. 
Professional Experience 
Flipkart Internet Private Limited- Team Lead 
Dec /14 
Present 
Expertise in Customer interaction, project planning /scheduling and preparation of detailed work order for teams. 
Supervision and execution of task allocated to team of 22-25 members, balancing workload of Executives by reassigning work streams. 
Constantly working and coordinating with different LOBs to ensure smooth flow of deliverables. 
Closely working with Partner management to improvise on process and enhancement of Ecommerce platform by conducting meetings & huddles with stakeholders and in-house team members. 
Monitoring of Issue type wise inflows across all channels emails, calls, management level escalations and social media. 
Handling Operations- Service Delivery and metrics driven are Net Promoter Score, Average Handling Time, Call Resolution, Shrinkage, Service Level Agreement, Attrition and C-satisfaction. 
Identifying training gaps within Teams and conducting Training & Development for up-skilling employees Effective day to day planning and operational ability to meet targets, reduce cost and streamline processes Closely working with Process Excellence Team for Content writing and assuring Standard Operating Procedures are followed across all line of business Setting quality standards for various functional areas and implementing quality systems & procedures Designing business solutions to support Best Practice implementations. 
Currently working on sales project to enhance market share of Flipkart which is constant @44%. 
Highlights: 
Attended partners transitions in Mumbai and Pune for Minacs and Aegis 
Proposed a solution for a loophole present in the current system to recover a loss of INR 1.2 bn. and converting it into opportunity of INR 3.8 bn. in future Outstanding performance in OCR(On Call Resolution) of 86% achieved through Repeat Desk Project 
Implemented a Templates email process to reduce the existing time line from 5 mins to 2 mins by saving 3mins per email resulting a high productivity for Flipkart Email Process 
Initiated Fast Track process for minimizing escalations to High Level Management and Social Media by ensuring preventive actions and providing feedback to departments at fault 
ICICI Bank Limited 
Assistant Manager- Band II 
Feb/12 - July/14 
I was handling a Team of 20 Executives, managing Customers portfolios by giving advisory services, managing investments, addressing queries through emails, phone banking, online channel and Branches. 
Enhancing Customer Relationship by contacting the Customer Database which runs on Dialer (Outbound Campaign) & taking care of Cross selling of ICICI-Securities products. 
End to end Team management which includes training, mentoring &monitoring the performance on daily basis. 
I have conducted training sessions about Investment and Trading for Customers at different locations in collaboration with the ICICI Bank Branches and ICICI Securities. 
Analyzing and responding by providing solution road map for various cross functional teams to develop customer centric responses. 
Building market strategy through comprehensive analysis of share market patterns, consumer behavior, competitors, new products& deals by studying market research documents. 
Coordinating with sales team and assessing pain points of various new/existing clients and converting them to business opportunities. 
Headed projects - Customers expectations & complaints through Customers feedbacks -FOCUS and Educating Customers on Long & Short term Investment Planning. 
Highlights: 
Led 2 Sales projects worth ~ $3million Initiated and handled New Customer Acquisitions plan for ICICI sec for 6 months Mentored new joiners. 
Computing Skills 
Operating System: WINDOWS 98/2000/XP/Vista/7 
Database managers: ORACLE 9i, SQL, PL/SQL 
Web based language: VISUAL BASIC, WEB DESINGING 
Microsoft Office: MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, MS Access 
Certifications 1.) NCFM-Financial Markets 2.) NCFM- Investment Analysis and Portfolio Management 3.) NSDL- Depository Operations Module 4.) NISM- Series VA- Mutual Fund Distributors certification 5.) NCFM- Capital Market (Dealers Module) 6.) NISM Series VII- Securities Operations and Risk Management 7.) NISM Series VI-Depository Operations 8.) Oracle 9i 9.) French (Level 1 & Level 2) Leadership Traits Member of Students Council, bridging student body and management on issues of mutual interest (2008-10). 
Member of MU club, hosting music and cultural events (2009). Secretary of Good Universe (NGO) and taking care of Fund raising and Legal Issues. Volunteering with Teach for India group in Bangalore and Hyderabad. 
Internships (2008-2011) 
Management Trainee in Oriental Bank of Commerce for a month and specialization in Loans & Advances and Routine Banking Business of nationalized Banks. 
Summer training in HDFC Bank for 1.5 months & project was Retail Branch Retail Banking (Teller Area). 
Summer Group Training in Kotak Mahindra Bank for 6 weeks in Retail Liabilities in Banking Domain. 
Work as a Trainee in Hindustan Aeronautics Limited for a month under technical training center and area covered was Accounts and Finance. 
Academic Qualification 
Qualification Year School/Institute(Board/University) Marks 
PGDM in Banking & Insurance 2011 Manipal University(Excellence Certificate) 8.81(CGPA) BBM-e-Banking & Finance 2010 
Manipal University(1st Rank) 9.77(CGPA) 
XII 2008 
New Way Senior Secondary , Lucknow(CBSE Board) 80% X 2006 Central Academy, Lucknow (Matriculation) 84.4% Extra-Curricular Activities 
Represented school at State level debate championship. 
Attended various workshops Leadership Training Program, Mutual Fund Training Session and presented paper in National Banking Conference, Bangalore 2010. 
Winner at National Fest in Finance, NIIT 2010 & was Runner-up at International Fest in Total Quality Management, Symbioses 2009. 
Achieved Certificate of Excellence from Kotak Mahindra Bank, Ahmadabad. 
I was awarded with NSE Certified Market Professional Level-2 Certification. 
I was facilitated with Merit Certificate for Probationary Officers Programme from Ms. Zarin Daruwala (Executive Director, ICICI Bank in 2012). 
