17/4, Kamarajar Salai, Flat No.20, Sri Lakshmi Kamatchi 
Appts., R.A. Puram, Chennai 600 028 
Res. Phone : 044 - 24958591 S. VALARMATHI 
MOBILE NO.: 9940415323 
Summary 
It has been Ten years, since I started serving in the Garment Manufacturing and Exporting field, co-ordinating work in every department of the organization. I started my career as a Computer Operator for documentation in exports and have raised to the position of Merchandiser 
Objective 
Having gained experience in the various functions of a Garment Export Industry, I am now fully confident of taking challenging assignments in this field. I am now in the look out for a suitable opening where all my skills can be put to the best use. 
Strengths 
In depth knowledge in Documentation, Merchandising,Planning, and in all functions related to Administration and Production. 
Job Responsibilities in MERCHANDISING COSTING STAGE 
Co-ordination with the buyers and obtaining Technical Package/Sample 
Co-ordinating with the patterns Department and making costing patterns To co-ordinate with the raw materials suppliers to obtain the fabric and trims price Preparation of cost break-up with cost of making and margin buildup Advising costing to the buyer with the prices and other issues like ratio, consumption, delivery, fabric quality, type of wash etc. 
Following up on the variances in the price, purchase and consumption and take remedial action Advising the buyer about any amendments/revisions in costing, consumption, P.O.s / L/Cs, deliveries etc. 
Despatching the costing samples to the buyer and obtain approvals. 
Sampling Stage 
Receipt of planned cut date (pcd) and planning of sampling programme on priority basis. 
Co-ordinating with the materials cell and issue of substitute fabric and trims for the proto samples. 
Despatching the samples to the buyers with quality control assessment sheet Organizing for lab testing of fabric and garments from Bureau Veritas, Bangalore - Laboratories and obtaining approval for the same, prior to placing order for procuring the bulk fabric Organising for fabric and trims as required by buyer for salesman/Presentation Samples and despatch 
Of the samples to the client on schedule for the line opening of the season. 
Despatch of preproduction samples made in actual fabric and trims with the Q.C.s audit sheets and spec details to obtain final approval before proceeding with the bulk production Job Profile 
From 1998 - 2004 
: Worked as a Merchandiser in M/s. Pash Jey Chemfabss Pvt Ltd. and involved In the following areas: 
Handling Buyers and their representatives Cooperating with the buyers and coordinating with Production team Planning & Controlling the Production & Quality 
Co-ordination of Work 
Merchandising and Sourcing 
Managing the Finishing Department 
From 2005 2014 
: Worked as M/s. Frendi Fashions Pvt Ltd as a Merchandiser. 
Handling buyers from Italy, U.S. & London 
Sourcing new Fabrics, Prints, and Embroidery for buyers from various suppliers. 
Daily correspondence with buyers with respect to Sampling and Production. 
Daily follow-ups with Printers, Dyers with respect to developments and sampling. 
Reporting the sampling / Production status on weekly basis. 
Coordination with Sampling dept. with respect to sampling status. 
Coordination with Production dept. with respect to Production Scheduling Statusetc. 
Coordination with QC dept for quality of Raw material. 
Buyers Details : 
INSTYLE TOPS & BOTTOMS (LADIES WEAR) 
WHY NOT TOPS (LADIES WEAR) 
RIVER ISLAND 
LINGERE DEPT, CHILDREN WEAR DEPT, MENS SHIRTS & CASUAL 
BOTTOMS /..3../ 
..3.. Personal Profile 
Name : R. Valarmathi 
Date of Birth 
: July 26, 1973 Husbands Name : S. Sathiyamurthy 
Marital Status 
: Married 
Contact Address : 17/4, Kamarajar Salai, Flat No.20, Sri Lakshmi Kamatchi 
Appartments, R.A. Puram, Chennai 600 028 
Res. Phone # : 044 - 24958591 
Mobile No.:9940415323 
E-Mail : valar26.m@gmail.com 
Qualification : M.Sc(Physics) from Bharathidasan University, Trichy Dt. 
Technical Qualification : (i) Marketing & Merchandising for the Fashion Industry, NIFT, Taramani, Chennai. 
(ii) Typewriting English - Lower 
Computer Knowledge : Masters Diploma in Computing Technology 
Languages Known : English & Tamil 
Signature. 
Date : 19/09/2016 
Place : Chennai 28. 
