Subhapriya Mohanty 
Contact :-+91-9439555922 
Email :- subhapriyamohanty@gmail.com Software Development Engineer-1 
Around 1 year 6 months of experience working as a Software Development Engineer. 
Proficient in maintaining websites. 
Experience in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript and Jquery 
Ability to work well individually as well as in a team 
Skilled at implementing departmental requests for website updates 
Experience using WAMP server. 
Understanding of object oriented JavaScript. 
Experience with performance tuning and solving cross browsers compatibility issues. 
Worked on advanced technologies like HTML5, CSS3 and Bootstrap3. 
Fixing JIRA tickets 
Worked on fixing accessibility issues. 
Converted HTML website to Drupal. 
To understand, analyze, promote and optimize an existing or a new website by using SEO related tools. 
To check SERP for all keywords on regular basis. 
To do strategic competitor and website analysis. 
To perform On-page and Off-page optimization activities. 
To do keyword analysis and research. 
To generate Meta tags (Title, Keyword and Description). 
To create keyword ranking reports. 
To prepare traffic reports by using Google Analytics. . Work Experience 
Software Development Engineer-1 
Sumeru Inc., Bangalore, India - April 2015 to Present. 
Maintained and updated the Art of living websites. 
Converted HTML website to Drupal 
Wrote/Updated CSS for various pages. 
Updated layout of webpage as per departmental request Worked on JSP pages 
Fixing JIRA tickets Fixed accessibility related issues Like understand, analyze, promote and optimize an existing or a new website by using SEO related tools. 
Additional Information 
COMPUTER SKILLS: 
Languages: C, C++, Core Java 
Databases: SQL Server, MS-Access 
Software Tools: MS-Office, Adobe Photoshop, Qtp 
Web Tools: HTML5, CSS3, Drupal, JavaScript, jQuery 
Operating System: MSDOS, Windows [] Educational Qualification 
Bachelor of Technology in Information Technology 
Kalinga Institute of Industrial Technology, Bhubaneswar, Odisha, India 
June 2010 to June 2013 Diploma in Computer Science and Engineering 
Barapada School of Engineering and Technology, Bhadrak, Odisha, India 
June 
2007to June 2010 
Address :- Flat No 21/1, V.R Complex, JP Nagar 6th Phase, Bangalore-560078 
