 RESUME UDITA PATEL Email ID: udita151992@gmail.com 
Contact No: 9173085385 
Career Objective 
To get into a profession that is challenging and encouraging and offers great deal of exposure to latest trends. Being a person with determination and dedication nature, I will try my best for the betterment of organization. 
Profile 
Completed bachelor of engineering degree in computer science technology. 
Comprehensive knowledge of primary development languages for instance C, Asp.net, Mvc ,Javascript,Linq. 
Basic understanding regarding software like Microsoft word, Excel, PowerPoint, Windows. 
Comprehensive knowledge of web technologies like Html,Css. 
Personal Qualities 
Exceptional presentation skills. 
Exceptional Communication skills in written and verbal both. 
Able to give the best result in pressure situations. 
Educational Qualifications 
B.Tech. Computer Science and Engineering, Parul Institute of Engineering College, Vadodara (2012-2015), Percentage: 80% H.S.C , Baroda High School,Vadodara (2010-2011) ,Percentage: 63% S.S.C , Baroda High School,Vadodara (2008-2009) ,Percentage: 83% Project and Seminar 
Seminar: Presented Seminar on 5PEN PC TECHNOLOGY during 4th sem. 
Project: Project Title: WIZBlog 
Technology Used: ASP.net with c# Tools and Environment Used: Windows Azure 
Description: The WIZBlog is a web based site,which is used for communication.It has good features like follow/unfollow, like, comment, video sharing.It is a informative website which is used to create our own blog.It is a cloud computing based blogging which uses windows azure.It has a facility to create multiple blogs at one place. 
Achievements 
Participated in the 3rd International Mathematics Olympiad organized by Science 
Olympiad Foundation (SOF) and achieved Distinctive performance in this competition. 
Extra Curricular Activities 
Certification of Asp.net MVC Web Application Developer from NIIT. 
Vocational Training and Industrial Visit 
Summer Training attended at GenNext Softech, which is an IT services and solution company dealing with Networking, Security and software and got the knowledge of the networking & security. 
Personal Details 
Name : Udita Suryakant Patel 
Date of birth 
: 15/10/1992 
Nationality : Indian 
Sex 
: Female 
Language known : English, Hindi, Gujrati (Read,Speak And Write) 
Hobbies : Internet surfing and Reading news paper. 
