 PRABHU A N 
Mobile: 9844175176 
E-mail: prabhuvardhan777@gmail.com 
A Competent Professional with significant functional experience in the realm of Customer Support, 
Using Customer Support Execution Skills to play pivotal role in achieving Organizational Objectives 
PROFESSIONAL SNAPSHOT Core competencies Leadership Data Extraction & Manipulation Business Analysis Data Analysis & Reporting 
Team Management Customer Relationship 
An astute professional with cross-functional expertise in the entire gamut of business operations and business analysis including company promotion, data analysis, market assessment; and fostering team spirit. 
A top performer with commendable interpersonal skills who has met targets set by the organization. 
Logical thinker with the ability to quickly grasp intricate issues. 
A keen learner with constant zest to acquire new skills 
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Symbiometrics, Bangalore CSE 
Customer Support Executive Mayura Group, Bangalore Partner - Management 
Yukthi Data systems PVt Ltd 
Data Analyst - Analysis November 2012 
Present October 2008 
September 2012 September 2007 
September 2008 
Namdharis Fresh Pvt Ltd Accountant - Retail 
January 2004 
March 2007 KEY ACHIEVEMENTS Business 
Analysis 
Exceptional communication and presentations skills with distinguished abilities 
In developing business plans with data analysis to meet service standards of business excellence. 
Sales & Marketing Utilizing the public information and network for generating business leads. 
Business Development 
Identifying prospective clients, generating business from new accounts & developing them to achieve consistent profitability. Building and maintaining healthy business relations with major clientele, ensuring optimum customer satisfaction. 
Sales Promotion 
Building company focus in conjunction with operational requirements. Managing company image building and awareness campaigns as an active team member. 
ROLES AND RESPONSIBILITIES 
Leadership & Strategic Planning Expertise in mapping business requirements and co-ordinating in developing and implementing processes in line with pre-set guidelines and in identifying new streams for revenue growth and cost reduction. 
Ensured ideal client relationships to achieve consistent business and customer retention. 
Business Development & Customer Relationship Management 
Co-ordinating in the creation, implementation execution of action plan for business development. 
Actively participate in generating new customers and retaining them for business development. 
Project Management & Team Management 
Imbibed successful project management and market research tools. 
Motivated team members to render assigned duties by utilizing effective internal communication process. 
Involved in performance management process, periodical appraisals to enhance productivity and ensure quality goal setting, assessment and feedback activities. 
PROFESSIONAL SCHOLASTICS MS-Office and Tally 9.1 Certification Courses SAS Base; SAS Advance Diploma 
Engineering in Electronics and 
Telecommunication 
Pre-University Course(P.C.M.B)SICT, 
Bangalore One Force , Bangalore KIET, Bangalore APS, BangaloreOct 2008, Dec 2008 Feb 2012 
July 2012 May 2003 
April 1997 
PERSONAL DOSSIER 
Fathers Name 
: Mr. ANANTHRAMU K. Date of Birth : 19TH JAN,1979 Marital Status : MARRIED 
Language Known : English, Hindi , Kannada Nationality : Indian 
I hereby declare that all above given information is true as per my knowledge. 
Date : 19-10-2016 Place : 
Bangalore, INDIA PRABHU A.N 
