CURRICULAM VITAE SURESH KUMAR K 
Email: ksuresh209@yahoo.com, hi.kutty2009@gmail.com. 
Mob: +919986484442. 
CAREER OBJECTIVE: 
Candidate with 10+ Years of professional experience as Supplier Quality Engineer in developing Suppliers for Automotive and Aerospace domain, with a degree in Mechanical engineering. Seeking a suitable position in an reputed organization to grow personally and professionally. 
Educational Qualification: 
B.E in Mechanical Engineering from Dr. Ambedkar Institute of Technology, Bangalore. Affiliated to Visveswaraiah Technological University (VTU). 
PROFESSIONAL SKILL SET: 
Knowledge in Quality Management Systems such as ISO 9001 and TS 16949:2001, AS9100 Rev D. 
Sound knowledge in Assembly Structural inspection of Aft Fuselage, Turn Over Bulk Head Assembly, Nose Cone Assembly and Roof Beam Assembly of Bell 407 Helicopter 
Sound knowledge in Inspection of Aircraft Structural Assembly, Rivets, Sealants, and Composite Part defects. 
Sound Knowledge in APQP, PPAP, FMEA, MSA, FAI and Control Plan. 
Sound knowledge in QA MRB Roles and Responsibilities. 
Exposure to quality concepts like 7 QC tools, 5-S, Poka Yoke (Error Proofing), Kaizen and GD&T. 
Ability to communicate fluently both in oral and written 
WORK EXPERIENCE: 
Present Employment: 
Bell Helicopter India- Textron. 
Textron is an Multi Industry Company and an Pioneer of diversified business model founded in 1923. It owns strong brands such has Bell Helicopter, Cessna Aircraft,Kautex, Textron Aviation, Beech craft , E-Z-GO etc.. 
Bell Helicopter is an industry-leading producer of commercial and military helicopters and the pioneer of tiltrotor aircraft. Presently Bell is developing Dynamatics Technologies Private Limited [DTL, Bangalore] as its Tier 1 Supplier to manufacture Bell 407 Cabin Structure. 
Designation: Sr. Supplier Quality Engineer/ QA MRB for Bell Helicopter. 
Duration: October 2012-till date Roles and Responsibilities: Currently developing Tier 1 Supplier, Dynamatics Technologies Limited for Bell 407 Structural Assembly Transition. 
[DTL, Bangalore]. 
Responsible for performing and reviewing First Article Inspection (FAI) and Source Inspection at the supplier location for Detail Part and Assembly Structures. 
Responsible for Supplier Root Cause investigations and corrective actions through problem resolution process. 
Effective management of non-conformance process. 
Responsible for implementing special quality improvement activities at suppliers location such as development of Templates, Shake Guide, Inspection check sheet etc. 
To ensure the product meets all the Bell Specifications/Engineering requirements before buying off from the supplier. 
Responsible for activities related to quality control and supervision of products. 
Responsible for Assembly Inspection of Aft Fuselage, Turn over Bulk Head Assembly, Nose cone Assembly and Roof Beam Assembly at Supplier Location. 
Review and Approval of Supplier Material Disposition And Action Request [SMDAR] for Engineering Dispositions. 
As a QA MRB, Iniate MRB action as required, Validate the discrepancy, to Check history for prior rejections and dispositions. 
Liaison with Engineering MRB to get speedy dispositions. 
Provide Re-Work/Repair dispositions as an QA MRB on Quality issues according to Blue Print and Bell Process Specification (BPS) requirement only. 
Conducting Manufacturing/Quality Review Meeting at the Supplier Place to monitor Schedule, Assembly Progress, and Customer Complaints. 
Responsible for Audit at the Supplier place as per Supplier Quality Requirement Manual [SQRM] to monitor Quality Management System, and Process Audits. 
Training Suppliers on Bell Quality requirements, Assembly Inspections, BPS, RCCAs, SQRM and Raising SMDARS. 
Responsible for conducting Weekly/monthly Quality meeting with Suppliers, Clients through AT&T, Webex and Lync calls. 
International Experience: Bell Helicopter Textron Canada Limited, Canada (BHTCL) 
Duration: 6 Months. 
Training attended: 
Helicopter technology. 
Bell drawing Interpretation 
Trained on QA MRB Roles and Responsibilities 
Assembly Fit, Form and Functionality of Aft Fuselage. 
Training on Bell applications such as ENOVIA, BEDVUE, CAMS, SMART, QUALITY SWITCHBOARD, and MEPI. 
Bell 407 Model assembly sequence in shop floor. 
Assembly of 407 Aft Fuselage 
Understanding of Bell Process System (BPS) and Quality Procurement System (QPS) 
Usage of Lofts/Mylars 
Training on Supplier Audits 
Shop floor visit. 
Previous Employments: 
1. Hical Technologies Pvt Ltd. 
Hical Technologies an AS9100 Certified Organization is involved in the Manufacturing of Electronic Transformers, Electronic devices and Aerospace Sheet Metal and Machining components. 
Designation: Sr. Supplier Quality Engineer 
Duration: Dec 2011- August 2012. 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
New supplier assessment and regular supplier audit for quality requirements and Special Process requirements. 
Supplier/plant visits for supplier Quality process development/Audit 
Responsible for Qualification of new products based on ASQR requirement Raising the Supplier Corrective Action Report (SCAR) for defective component and follow up with the supplier for Corrective action. 
Preparation of FAI, Control Plan, FMEA, and PPAP. 
Responsible for implementing, developing and maintaining quality system policies Monitoring Supplier performance monthly wise. 
Responsible for Inspection of Detailed Parts and Assemblies. 
Analysis and Preparation of Root Cause and Corrective Action Report along with the CFT Team members. 
Preparation of Monthly Supplier Performance Report and presenting the same in Monthly Quality Meeting. 
Effectively handling the vendor rating for quality & quantity supplies, also, monitoring their performance. 
Responsible for continuous improvements. 
To engage with the suppliers managing the day to today supplier performance to ensure meeting of service, delivery and quality norms. 
Providing Induction training to new Joinees. 
2. ACS of India Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore; 
Client : General Motors. 
Designation : Sr.Supplier Quality Analyst. 
Duration : September 2008 to Dec 2011. 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Reviewing and statusing the PPAP & IMDS submissions. 
Working with Design engineers, APQP Engineers, Buyers and the suppliers on PPAP issues. 
Mentoring new joiners in Quality System Basics, PPAP, APQP, IMDS and internal Process. 
Responsible for Material approval of various GM Components based on GM Specifications. 
Preparing the Matrix & Balanced Score Card to track down the work done per person and the processed work all across the processes Responsible for building the Quality Matrix, PPAP status. 
To provide Technical support for the Clients, Suppliers and for peers. 
To work closely with the supplier for effective closure /Approval of PPAP in GM applications. 
Training Suppliers in understanding PPAP, FMEA, PSW, Control Plan and GM Quality systems and applications. 
Responsible for weekly meeting with the client on PPAP status, Supplier performance through AT&T. 
3) Pentagon Turbines Pvt Ltd., Bangalore. 
Pentagon Turbines Pvt. Ltd is an ISO 9001:2000 certified company, engaged in the Marketing, Design & Manufacturing of Impulse type Steam Turbines. It manufacturers both Condensing & Back pressure Steam Turbines 
Designation : Project Engineer 
Duration : From September 2007 to September 2008 Roles and Responsibilities: 
Interact with customers to keep them updating about the Project Status. 
To attend the Kick off Meeting at the Customer end before the execution of the Project. 
To handle all the customer complaints and take corrective action along with the technical department. 
Preparations of inquiries, standards, and send it to vendors. Follow up with the vendors till quotations received. 
New supplier assessment and regular supplier audit for quality, capacity and delivery requirements. 
Provide Technical assistance to the Clients/Suppliers. 
Supplier/plant visits for supplier Quality process development. 
Identifying New Suppliers, Supplier development. 
4) Jai Guru Fabricators, Hosur. 
Worked as Engineer- Quality for 2.7 years at Jai Guru Fabricators which is an dedicated supplier to M/s Harita Seating Systems Ltd, both Hosur and Pune. Jai Guru Fabricators is an ISO 9001:2000 certified company, engaged in the manufacturing of a wide variety of sheet metal and fabrication parts and assemblies for Automobile Industries. 
Designation : Quality Engineer. 
Duration : From November 2004 to June2007 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Leading QC circle, and training QC members in related project activities like, 5S implementation, KAIZENs and other Quality Improvements. 
To approve the new product with respect to the dimensions and visual aspects. 
Kaizen Preparation and Presentation at Customer end. 
Preparation of Production Part Approval Process.(PPAP) Preparation of FMEA, PPAP, Control Plan & Process Flow diagram. 
Handling Customer Quality Complaints 
Inspection of Detail Parts and In process Inspection. 
Implementation of Quality Cost Control (QCC) at In-house. 
Key personal in implementing QMS and assisting in ISO 9001 Certification. 
Provide technical assistance in resolving the issues. 
To monitor scope for continous improvement. 
Responsible for the quality improvement at the supplier location. 
Assist suppliers in timely submission of PPAP, FMEA. 
Training suppliers on PPAP, FMEA, Control Plan,Kaizen, Poka Yoke. 
Responsible for RCCA and its effective implementation across all the products. 
Assist new suppliers in understanding customer requirement and Quality specifications. 
Responsible for monitoring Quality and delivery of the product as per schedule. 
Responsible for new product development. 
Achievements: 
Certificate of Excellence from Textron India Pvt Ltd. 
Successful Fit check of Aft Fuselage/ at Mirabel Plant, Canada. 
Successful fit check of all detail parts at Mirabel plant, Canada. 
Spot achievement Award for independently performing FAI on Aft Fuselage and Turn Over Bulk head Assembly from Textron India Pvt Ltd. 
Best Performer award for the month of September 2011 from ACS India Pvt Ltd. 
Best Kaizen Award 2006-2007 during Kaizen Conference from HSSL. 
Personal Information: 
Name : Suresh Kumar K 
Fathers Name 
: K.Kelu Kutty 
Date of Birth : 20/05/1982 
Gender : Male 
Nationality 
: Indian 
Martial Status 
: Married. 
Pass Port No. : G4178393 valid upto 2017. 
Hobbies 
: Reading, playing cricket, traveling, Languages Known : English, Kannada, Hindi, Tamil, and Malayalam. 
I shall be most grateful to you for an opportunity to be interviewed at the earliest for suitable position in your esteemed organization. 
Looking forward to be a part of your team. 
Place 
: Bangalore. 
(Suresh Kumar K) 
