SHAILENDRA TATIA 
Cell: +91-9900091842; Email: shailendratatia@gmail.com https://in.linkedin.com/in/shailendratatia 
CAREER SUMMARY: 
Marketing Manager with 10 + years of experience in traditional and digital marketing is looking for an opportunity to build brand and grow business. 
SPECIALIZATION: 
Brand Management 
Digital Marketing 
Project Management 
New Product Development & Launch 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
Bhartiya Urban as a Marketing Manager 
June 14 till date United Spirits Limited (Diageo) Brand Manager 
Oct 08 
May 14 Micro Labs Limited Product Executive 
Sep 06 Oct 08 
HIGHLIGHTS: 
Leveraging digital marketing platform to generate leads and grow business Managing the brand marketing campaign on PAN India at a strategic levels. 
Managing and driving new product development and launches Responsible for developing communication & media plan for ATL and digital platform. 
Managed product launches through 360 planning including offline & online mediums 
SYNOPSIS: 
Responsible for formulating brand plans comprising of ATL & BTL activities, digital plan and effective implementation & execution on PAN India basis. Single point of contact for strategic brand tie-ups with IPL teams, Grover Wines, Media agency & e-commerce giants. Worked as business custodian for the sports gear business and generated value more than 1 crore through offline and online sales. 
Bhartiya City Developers Pvt Ltd 
Since Jun 2014 Roles & Responsibilities: 
Responsible for formulating communication strategy, marketing plan and budget for multiple projects. 
Ensuring development & implementation of digital marketing plan comprising of SEO/SEM, social media, email & SMS, display marketing and content marketing. 
Responsible for implementing digital strategy to generate sales & build brands: 
o Luxury project: Generated 12.5 crore Sale value through Google PPC campaign with an investment of Rs.5 Lakh. 
o Residential project: 72 units were sold in 6 months period through digital campaign. 
o Closely monitoring the lead generation campaign with Pre-Sales, Sales and CRM team to optimize the campaign to maximize ROI through digital campaign Measuring digital marketing campaign through Google Analytics on the daily & weekly basis against the set metrics. 
Observing the user behavior, ideate, curate and implement innovative methods of growth hacking through organic & paid channel based on the analytics. 
Development of processes and systems with partners - creative Agency, PR, and digital agency, \Media agency, Product Development and the Sales teams. 
Developed & promoted brand videos, drone video of project & Google 360 degree video of project to reach target promote brand and build awareness. 
Identify, plan and participate in Indian & International Exhibitions for brand promotion and awareness. 
Responsible for building brand reputation through strategic tie-ups and collaborating with premium properties like Grover Wine Festival, Puma Urban Stampede and Emerge Music Festival. 
United Spirits Limited (USL Diageo) 
Oct 2008-May 2014 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
Responsible for developing communication & media planning for all ATL/BTL activities. 
Develop annual strategies and plan with a view on P&L, comprising: state-wise recommendations; analytics, pricing, final budget & market opportunities. 
Designed, launched and managed brand extension McDowell s No.1 Sports Gear business. 
Liaison with NPD team, Regional sales & marketing team, Advertising / packaging agencies and research agencies for various brand related development initiatives. 
Achievement: 
Assisted the team in Development & delivery TV commercials, online/ print/ radio advertisement to promote and position the brand in the market. 
Conceptualized and developed Flicket mobile app with brand thought Dosti Ka No.1 Spirit. 
Launched McDowell s No.1 Platinum Whisky PAN India in Prestige Segment and achieved 1 million cases in the 1st year of launch. 
Launched McDowell s No.1 Diet mate Whisky in 19 markets and achieved 1 million case. 
Successfully executed McDowell s No.1 IPL Campaign from 2010 to 2014 on-ground & promoted through social media channels. 
Effectively planned and executed 
McDowell s No.1 Dosti Concert through trade promotion, OOH, Print, PR and digital platforms. 
Independently set-up the business for McDowell s No.1 Sports Gear. Generated revenue worth Rs. 1 cr in the first year of launch. 
Micro Labs Ltd Sep 2006 - 
Oct 
08 Roles & Responsibilities 
Developed innovative & informative promotional activity for brands like Hopace, Arbitel, Astin & Fibrovas 
Contributed during the launch of brand ARBITEL PAN India. 
Effectively conducted & managed scientific symposium with Indian and International key opinion leader on cardiology in Bangalore, Mysore, Delhi and Hyderabad. 
Effectively managed and executed 150 doctors scientific symposium to Vienna. 
PROFESSIONAL CAPABILITIES Excellence in strategic and analytical problem solving Campaign planning & Execution through online and offline media Business Development 
Experience in Traditional & Digital Marketing EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS 
Digital Marketing training 
Web Marketing Academy, 2016 Master in Business Administration in Marketing & Systems Bangalore University, 2004 -2006 
Bachelors in Commerce 
Jai Narian Vyas University Jodhpur Rajasthan, 1999 - 2002 Undergone 6 week training program Brand-comm Date of Birth: 18 June 1981 
Reference: Available on request 
