Cherie R. Fesi 
Z rcherstrasse 193 8953 Dietikon, Switzerland crfesi@hotmail.com 
Skype: cherie_fesi +41
78 625 8922 mobile Nationality: USA, Permit: Ausweis C German: A2 Certificate, B1.1 level Objective To obtain a position teaching foreign students English through interactive online or Skype lessons worldwide Education 
Bloomsburg University, Bloomsburg, Pennsylvania U.S.A. December 1998-Bachelor s of Arts in Geography, Emphasis in Environmental Planning 
International House, Business English Teaching Certificate, (BET) January 2014 Global TESOL (Teacher of English as a Second or Other Language) College, San Diego, CA U.S.A. October 2006, 120 hour TESOL Certificate Grammar Course: Getting Grammar Across: Grammar for Language Teachers, 2011 
Various English Training Workshops: ex. Way with Words, John Potts, August 2011, Using Technology in the Classroom and Blended Learning, TLC & Speexx 2012-2015, Teaching Task Based Learning, Graham Workman, May 2013, Teaching English for Healthcare, Locarno 2013, etc. 
Skills Computer Programs: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, Power Point Outlook, etc.) Act! Database Excellent communication, writing, presentation and intrapersonal skills. 
High command of the English language used in International settings. 
Exceptional planning, organizational, scheduling and multi-tasking abilities. 
Internet savvy, resourceful and outstanding researching skills. 
International and cross-cultural experience. 
Dedicated to achieving set targets and forges strong relationships with internal and external clientele. 
Possesses a high-energy, outgoing and professional personality. 
Professional Experience 
General and Business English Teacher/Trainer- International House-TLC 
Baden & Zurich Switzerland April 2010 
Current, Bremgarten Volkshochschule April 2013-Current and Speexx, Jan 2015-Current 
Teach General English, Business English, Technical English, Exam Preparation (BEC, FCE, CPE, etc.) and English for specific purposes (ESP) to varying levels of adult learners Teach in a classroom setting with a maximum of 10 students; teach in-company courses and 1-to-1 s from beginner lever up to proficiency level Adapt material from blended and e-learning into relevant conversational material 
Teach high-level executives top communication methods in English Integrate theoretical concepts and practical ideas and apply them to actual classroom situations Engage students through activities designed for maximum interaction in small groups 
Complete continuous assessments through testing, oral speaking and writing 
Private Tutor- Zurich and Aargau Cantons - Switzerland, Seoul, Korea & San Diego, California March 2007 
Current Develop and implement personalized and individualized English lessons for adults and children of various ages 
Prepare students for English speaking Universities by teaching essay writing and preparing for TESOL exams Organize, analyze, assess, monitor and make recommendations based on individual talents and learning abilities Creation and development of materials sharing in a manner that allows for full understanding of the intended audience English as a Second Language Instructor - Intrax Cultural Exchange and Human International Academy, San Diego, CA U.S.A September 2008 July 2009 Prepared International Students (aged 17-19) for entry-level English exams for U.S. Colleges & Universities Taught grammar, vocabulary, listening, speaking, writing, conversation, culture, and life skills to 21 or less international students per class Created a trusting atmosphere through sensitivity to students strengths, weaknesses, and personal learning styles 
Developed curriculum that was appropriate to students learning abilities and reflected their needs and interests Prepared daily lesson plans, additional materials and tests on a daily and weekly basis for various levels of English English as a Second Language Teacher - South Korea Topia English Zone, March 2007 March 2008 (One year contract) Instructed English to Korean primary and secondary school age (age 5-18) children 
Taught 13 separate English classes weekly to varying levels of Korean students 
Taught Science, Social Studies, Geography, and Math concepts in English Enforced English by reading, listening, phonics, vocabulary, word games and conversation classes Assessed students assignments, tests and performance Enforced discipline in the classroom 
Provided weekly and monthly evaluation of the students Recruiter Phenome Productions, Inc. San Diego, CA U.S.A. July 2005 June 2006 
(company downsized) Recruited potential models for web & print work throughout the U.S. Interviewed and presented and preliminary photographed potential clients for my review team. 
Organized and booked flights, rental cars, hotels and conference rooms within a restricted budget for myself and other colleagues. 
Created and maintained large-scale client database. 
Exceeded monthly sales goals. 
Promotional Model/Brand Ambassador, Philadelphia, PA and San Diego, CA, 1998-2009, part-time Product ambassador for local and nationwide promotional companies and tradeshows. 
Educated customers on product knowledge through demonstrations, presentations, test-drives, product sampling, presentations and trivia. 
Launched marketing campaigns, built customer product awareness, boosted sales for well-known brands. 
