Gopala Krishnan 9611113659 
kris.mullai@gmail.com (mailto:kris.mullai@gmail.com) #402 FOURTH FLOOR, SANNIDHI APARTMENTS, 3RD MAIN, MAYTHRI LAYOUT, HOPE FARM JUNCTION, WHITEFIELD. BANGALORE-560017 
Objective 
Creative, highly organized candidate, seeking achallengingposition with an organization, where in my capabilities and techno-functional skills can contribute to the organizations growth. Proven problem solving skills and ability to integrate out-of-the box thinking. 
Professional Summary 
Experienced in Business Analysis and Project Management, Data Modeling and Project Management. 
In-depth knowledge in Health Insurance, Healthcare and ERP domains. 
Gather and analyze business problems to provide Business Solutions and document as System Requirements. Expertise in documentation like BRD, SRS, FSD, RTM and PowerPoint presentations. 
Experienced in creating UML, Process Flow Diagrams, Designing Prototypes, Wireframes and Screen Mock-ups. 
Proposed and implemented process improvement ideas through GAP analysis. 
Experienced in Health Insurance with supportive banking operations & ERP integration Data integrations with large-scale initiatives involving the transition of programs to new platforms and the merger of disparate systems from stakeholder and client organizations. 
Expert in relationship building skills and managed various stakeholders, both internal and external including clients from Fortune 500 companies (Hannover Re, yahoo India, IBM India & Cigna Health Insurance (https://www.google.co.in/url?sa=t&rct=j&q=&esrc=s&source=web&cd=1&ved=0ahUKEwjO96jZ8J_PAhUJQCYKHemwBuIQFggjMAA&url=http%3A%2F%2Fwww.cigna.com%2F&usg=AFQjCNFK9mfZOZvPHgITxq2ba26em-IgtQ&sig2=cNmHwiUQNw6WT2EeC0zLzQ&bvm=bv.133387755,d.cGc&cad=rja)) 
Coordinated with technical team size of 30 including Tech lead, Technical Architect, Development, Tech Writer, and Testing team. 
Track Implementation & UAT signoff. 
Involved in writing and reviewing Test cases and Test scenarios Expert in Excel, Pivot tables, MS PowerPoint, MS Excel, MS Word and Chart representation Areas of Expertise 
Business Analysis Project Management 
Business Analysis & Business Solution DesignRequirement Elicitation, Management & BreakdownBRD, SRS, FDS & RTMProcess Modelling, UML, Prototyping, wireframes and Screen Mock-upsStakeholder ManagementTest CasesUAT and post production support coordination Project Planning Project Coordination Process improvement 
Change Management 
Risk planning and mitigation 
Technical Skills Methodologies : Agile (Scrum), OOAD. 
Modeling Tools : UML-2, MS Visio, FreeMind, Balsamiq & ArgoUML 
Graphic Tools : SnagIt, Camtasia Studio & Screenpresso 
Management Tools : JIRA, Project Libre, REDMINE 
Database : SQL & MS Access 
Education 
Bachelor of Engineering (Computer Science & Engineering) 
Sep 2005 
Jun 2009 Secured Graduation with overall aggregate of 72% from Sri Chandrasekharendra Saraswathi Viswa Mahavidyalaya university Higher Secondary(PCMB) Jun 2003 
Mar 2005 
Secured 61% from Little Flower Matriculation Higher Secondary School under Tamil Nadu state Board 
SSLC 
Jun 2002 
Mar 2003 Secured 67% from St. Johns Higher Secondary School under Tamil Nadu state Board 
Work Experience 
US Software Service Group Private Limited. Bangalore. 
Business Analyst / Project Manager Sep 2015 
Till date 
Vidal Health TPA Pvt. Ltd., formerly known as TTK Healthcare TPA Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore. 
Business Analyst / Project Manager June 2012 
Sep 2015 Dnevara agile solutions. Chennai. 
Business Analyst June 2009 
May 2012 Projects 
Projects Involved in US Software Service Group Private Limited 
Project 1: Enrollment & Claim Processing System (ECPS) 
Client: Hannover Re 
Organization: US Software Service Group Private Limited 
Description: 
ECPS is a Health Insurance claims processing application is conceived for the purpose of administering mass health insurance(RSBY). The application has interfaces for multiple roles involved in though the business process, like insurers and the provider. Different data model of the product is web portal and a web application and web service for data transfer to other system. The claims will be registered from the providers, adjudicated and settled by the administration bodies and analysis provided to the Insurers. The adjudication mechanism has an automated flow and both the flows are post handled by powerful payment mechanism with interfaces for Banking Systems. 
Duties and Responsibilities: 
Engage client to gather software requirements/business rules, and ensure alignment with development teams Translate stakeholder requirements into multiple tangible deliverables such as functional specifications, user cases, user stories, workflow/process diagrams, data flow/data model diagrams. 
Develop business architecture using requirements such as scope, processes, alternatives, and risks. 
Designed Application flow including modules & UI according to client styling guidance Handled incidents, change requests, Minor enhancements periodically as per the client requirement by RTM. 
Highly involved in database and application architecting as to meet business technical needs. 
Conducted periodic Scrum meetings using Agile Project Management Life Cycle. 
Regular update on business requirements and user stories conversion into case document Project Coordination with stakeholders on timely updates on resource requirements, scope, budgets, and timing Designed application life cycle flow management using BMPN with Drools 
Integration Design with client and banking system Test case review and test result review User Manual review and guidance 
UAT process guidance, support and monitoring 
Project 2: Insurance Business Intelligence and Analytics 
Client: Hannover Re 
Organization: US Software Service Group Private Limited 
Description 
This project is to provide better insights and to be able to gain a more holistic view of enterprise performance. In such a highly competitive industry the insurer need to increase efficiency and boost profitability, it is critical for everyone in the business to make the optimal decisions, to do so insurer need a tailored BI which gives the vital information they need, when they need it. In an industry that is so incredibly unpredictable, business intelligence can make things that little more predictable by providing better realistic understanding to changes in business, and in the market. 
Project 3: DMS (Document management system) 
Client: Hannover Re 
Organization: US Software Service Group Private Limited 
Description 
The Document management system is focused primarily on the storage and retrieval of self-contained electronic data resources in the document form. Generally, The DMS is designed to help the organizations to manage the creation and flow of documents through the provision of a centralized repository. The workflow of the DMS encapsulates business rules and metadata. 
Duties and Responsibilities for project 2&3: 
Designed architecture for complete application including components and versions to be used and organization of stack layers. 
Documentation for entire project life cycle including BRD, SOW, Work Orders 
Excelled in guiding the work of technical teams. Articulated project goals and scope, translated business needs into technical terms, prepared detailed work breakdown structures (WBS) and instilled shared accountability for achieving project milestones. 
Draft and maintain business requirements and align them with functional and technical requirements. 
Conducted periodic Scrum meetings using agile project Management life cycle. 
Take Domain training sessions for the Development team for filling up the functional knowledge gap 
Highly involved in data base and application architecting as to meet business technical needs. 
Convert business requirements and user stories into case document Evaluate case documents to convert as change requests Project Involved in Vidal health TPA 
Project 4 : Third Party Insurance Providing Services TIPS (V1 & V2) 
Role : Business Analyst / Project Manager 
Organization : Vidal Health TPA Pvt. Ltd. 
Description: 
TIPS (Third-party insurance payment system) is an in-house built medical insurance processing system. This system is the core system used by the operations to process a medical claim which has an inbuilt rule engine; also integrated with following supporting applications Document Management System 
Bulk enrollment engine 
ID card application Mobile app 
SSRS & Automated payment system Duties and Responsibilities: 
Convert business requirements and user stories in to case document Documentation of Change requests to BRD, SOW, Work Orders 
Create and monitor using RTM 
Evaluate case documents to convert as change requests Plan and project on development plans with the identified risk Keep stakeholders informed on resource requirements, scope, budgets, and timing 
Involved in all stages of the project lifecycle to date from the Business Case development through to post implementation and support 
Worked with internal and external clients and stakeholders to conduct interim reviews Handling status call with onsite clients providing status at offshore development. 
Other Projects at Vidal Health TPA 
Part of ISO27001 certification implementation project. 
Encryption Decryption: critical data are encrypted as to comply Information security standards 
DB migration: migration of data from MS SQL to Oracle DB 
Data Archival project: where data with T-days will be archived to archive environment to increase performance on the Production environment. 
Automated integration with Client system & their payment banking system by which major manual payment process and QC process load. 
SAML implementation for Single sign on with Fortune 500 MNC clients. 
Mobile app that provides real time sync and updates to clients & customers 
JIRA Implementation/Administration: JIRA is a proprietary issue tracking product and project management tool, also can be extensively used for bug tracking, issue tracking by Atlassian. 
Project Involved in Dnevara 
Project 5 : ERP Management System 
Role : Business Analyst 
Organization : Dnevara Agile Solutions 
Description: 
This system is all-in-one business management application for media industry. Enables clients to view detailed specification, cost prediction and place purchase orders. Business process module enables users to purchase request orders, raise invoice and manage payment process. 
Duties and Responsibilities: 
Involved in all stages of the project lifecycle to date from the Business Case development through to post implementation and support Regulate module wise elicitation with client team and regular interim updates and UAT 
Documenting requirements & screen mockups with functional descriptions Sign off process on requirements and UAT. 
Achievements 
Trained & implemented ISO 27001 (Information Technology Security standards) 
Employee of the month for the month of April 2015 Personal Details 
Fathers Name 
: Murugan 
Date of Birth : 01 Sep 1987 
Sex : 
Male 
Marital Status : 
Single 
Nationality : 
Indian 
Languages Known : English & Tamil 
Passport : 
Yes 
