Tausif Saifi (Contracting, Procurement & Logistics Lead at Brunei Liquefied Natural Gas Company) 
Brunei LNG Sendirian Berhad 
BSJV (Brunei Shell Joint Venture) 
Lumut, KC2935, Brunei Darussalam 
Phone. (Cell.) 673-888-9405 
Email: tausifsaifi@gmail.com 
COMPETENCE 
A mature and motivated professional with a record of excellence in Procurement, Material Management & Supply Chain Management. Highly accomplished executive with significant experience in all facets of CP functions including Contracting & Procurement, Material Control, Logistics, Inventory, Warehousing, Administration & Project Procurement and ensured compliance with ISO 9001 standards requirement. An out of box thinker with strong analytical and development skills. Proven record of commitment, consistency and meeting target deadlines under pressure. Have the ability to effectively communicate with all levels of management along with qualities of leadership, team management and zeal to learn. Seeking to join a management team that appreciates accomplishment and demands excellence. 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE 
Contracting & Procurement 
BOM Analysis 
Logistics 
Supply Chain Management 
Warehousing, Stores and Inventory Negotiation Skills 
Decision Making 
Creative Procurement Problem Solving 
Resource Management 
Tender Board Speaking 
Risk Analysis 
Team Building 
Project Management 
Strategic Planning 
Operations & Administration 
Local Business Development 
Influential Presentations 
Milestone Payments, Invoicing 
Cost Avoidance & Savings 
Vendor Relations & Managemen 
CAREER HIGHLIGHTS 
Built solid career and outstanding reputation in Procurement and Material management while advancing through positions of great responsibility and authority. 
Achieved B$3.5mln Savings using Enterprise Frame Work Agreements, Local Price Agreements and procuring directly from OEMs (Original Equipment Manufacturers). 
Achieved B$15mln savings by negotiations with the vendors for the Calendar Year 2012 to 2016. 
Reduced Held Invoices from B$5.0mln to B$0.5mln. 
Auto PO creations reached up to 60% by using EFA and price agreements with Local vendors. 
Implementation and compliance of LBD rules and regulations. 
Development & Training of Graduate Trainees Staff as per LBD directives. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Brunei LNG Sendirian Berhad, Lumut, KC2935, Brunei Darussalam 
Brunei Shell Joint Venture (BSJV), Brunei Shell Petroleum (BSP) 
Contracting, Procurement and Logistics Lead 
May 2012 to Present 
Together with Engineering department, develop the annual procurement strategies of major planned engineering procurement taking into account of global market knowledge, available e-procurement information including the Gas and Power OUs networking To ensure an effective implementation of the Procurement planning process in line with the procurement planning process and the relevant controls to ensure personnel involved think about budget expenditure involving procurement, by documenting the necessary tasks and procedures involved Ensure the highest level of integrity in all procurement and warehousing activities carried out by the various departments especially Projects and Engineering Department in line with the available guidelines Initiate the development of new Supply Agreements 
Co-ordinate the Spares Matrix review process and ensure the process are auditable and transparency of the links of information from SAP and the SAP (Materials) available Maintain materials SPIR and Stock Proposals system in line with ISO 9001 standards requirement 
Contribute to the preparation of Agreement Award Execution Plan, Commercial Fact Sheet, Bid preparation, commercial evaluation award and monitoring of performance of Supply Agreement 
Provide mentorship, guidance and on-the-job training as required Encourage development of Local Suppliers in accordance to Local Business Development Framework 
Conduct vendor performance program (Delivery and Quality) and vendor assessment / appraisal Liaison for Local Business Development working with SCM providing CPA, the line and external advisory services Vet stock proposal against existing stocks, stockiest agreements, and OUs standards. 
Review the registration of vendors and standards and maintain traceability of those vendors already appraised by LNG and results 
Ensure HSEQ awareness in subordinate staff and wherever possible ensure approved HSEQ standards are embedded into Company standards Ensure the contents of the HSE management manual are observed and translated into relevant implementation in the procurement and logistics/warehousing system and procedures application Represent CPA in SCM related issue 
Co-Lead with CP, to conduct Internal Audits 
Ramaco Trading & Contracting Co., W.L.L. P.O. Box 22775, Doha, Qatar 
Procurement & Material Management Supervisor 
March 2011 to April 2012 Develop, implement and follow up on sourcing strategies for the assigned portfolio in line with company strategies, business plans and policies. 
Responsible for competitive bidding, negotiations and establishment of supply contracts for the assigned portfolio. 
Ensure a companywide perspective in order to obtain the optimum result for company by capturing multi-Plant synergies. 
Introduce innovative thinking and ideas related to the assigned portfolio and sourcing processes. 
Initiate and implement key profitability projects to ensure that goods and services are delivered at lowest total cost but meeting the company quality demands at any time. 
Ensure creation, proper implementation and local acceptance of commodity strategies and supply contracts in all relevant sites. 
Assure in-depth knowledge of global markets by using all available (re-)sources and (market intelligence, benchmarking) tools. 
Assure update and maintenance of files, data bases and systems for the portfolio. 
Accountable for the supplier performance review and feedback process and development of supplier development programs. 
Take responsibility for implementing safety measures and improvements towards suppliers. 
Delivers input to target setting process. Set target towards his supplier base Manage the supplier base by consolidating the current supplier base to improve the performance on the total cost of ownership Capture new developments on the market and introduce them into the organization. 
Ebrahim K Kanoo BSC 
P.O. Box 119, Manama, Bahrain 
Supply Chain Management & Logistics Supervisor 
July 2010 to Feb 2011 
Responsible for the complete logistics operations that includes Materials order processing , liaison with freight forwarding companies / transporters, coordination with Ports and Customs authorities, processing of shipping documentation and Letters of Credit. 
Managing the conveyance of Materials by trucks from the Port to the job site. 
Coordinate with Production, Purchase and Safety Departments and Ensure time lines are met. 
Ensure timely receipt of shipments as Performa invoice dates Follow up with suppliers & coordinate with clearing department for goods clearance Coordinate with Corp logistics, territories & suppliers to ensure on time movement of goods Coordinate with Vendors & planners on the status of shipments Resolving any issues or queries with regards to shipment Planning and scheduling of vessels and trucks with respective Agencies. 
Berthing coordination with Port Authorities. 
Liaison with suppliers and arrange vessels. 
Imports and Exports Clearances with Customs for all Materials. 
Coordinate the Domestic dispatches by road. 
Maintaining Computerized Tracking of Shipments & Vessels. 
Ahmed Mansoor Al-Aali Co. BSC 
P.O. Box 778, Manama, Bahrain. 
Procurement / Material Engineer June 2008 to June 2010 Create RFQ for the materials and services,for projects, departments, for project materials, Consumables, fixed assets, equipments, services and sub contracts. 
Float RFQ and RFP to bidders, follow up and obtain open and sealed bids Techno-commercial evaluation and preparation of comparative statements Generating PO for services and materials, Follow-up on material delivery and documentation requirements, Follow client standards and procedures for inspection, documentation requirements, delivery requirements, etc. 
Vendor evaluation& registration Generating reports in SAP and MS-EXCEL for the Purchase requisitions, RFQs and POs. 
Monitoring of the Document control and expediting activities concerning the above purchasing documents Attending client meetings and meetings with designers, Attending vendor facilities, as necessary in expediting and follow up. 
Generating vendor database for the materials and services 
AL Jaber Energy Services L.L.C Joint Venture with Global Process System L.L.C, P.O. Box 107176, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates. 
Senior Stores Man and Material Control Supervisor January 2006 to June 2008 
Providing technical support for activities associated with Warehousing & Material Management. 
Planning and execution of all activities and functions in the material control department. 
Activities related to materials in construction phase and procurement phase. 
Co-ordination and implementation of material handling and material control procedures. 
Responsible for collecting information related to material status like Material requisitions, Bill of materials, Purchase order, Material status report, shipping advice etc. 
Activities related to storage and preservation. 
Overall planning and work force mobilization. 
Warehouse management. 
Verification and approval of bill of materials and requisitions Forecast, scheduling and expediting materials Co-ordination with other departments Custom clearance and direct delivery of imported cargos Material control system administration etc. 
Coordination and supervision of sub-contractors Establish material conformance to specification Implementation of documented procedure for identification, verification, storage and handling of materials Establish and implement systems for maintaining records and co-ordination. 
Preparation of procedures for material control, material handling, preservation, local purchase etc. 
Implementation of material handling and material control procedures Computerized inventory control and co-ordination and Developing Material Control Databases in Microsoft Access. 
Arabian Chicago Bridge & Iron Company (ACBI), P.O. Box 1218, Dammam, Saudi Arabia. 
QATIF GOSP-II Project, A Saudi Aramco Project. 
Material Control Supervisor & Material Database Administrator 
May 2002 to Dec 2005 Reports to and receives operational direction from the Materials Manager. 
Coordinate the activities under control, with site and other support groups, to ensure schedules and material control plans are fully integrated within the project organization. This includes inventory management and control, supply chain improvement, material planning & the short and long term day to day resolution of supply chain issues including resolution of material availability, transportation and logistics issues. 
Assist in the development of relevant processes and procedures. 
Responsible for managing surplus disposal in the most optimized manner. 
Manages local site procurement staff. 
Carry out other duties as required by the Material Control Manager. 
Work closely with Purchasing, QA and various Engineering Disciplines in procurement activities specifically relating to defining company's material requirements and in monitoring vendor performance in meeting these needs. This includes driving materials procurement, tracking and inventory planning through the purchasing group, vendor selection and development, building vendor relationships as required to assure performance, cost and lead-time requirements. Interface with clients as required in areas of material forecasting, demand planning, and operational planning. 
Provide analysis through accounting and inventory control group in areas of inventory accuracy, inventory levels against targets, On Time and Full Shipping, Minimization of Waste and Scrap, Manufacturing Cost analysis and budget control. 
As a leader maintains the highest safety standards for areas of responsibility and acts as a role model in supporting the Safety, Health and Environmental policies and standards of Company and Clients. 
Implement health and safety procedures. 
Oversee training of staff. 
Perform any related duties as assigned by Material Control Manager. 
TRAINING COURSE 
Attended Various Short Term Training Courses with Brunei Shell Petroleum related to CP & SCM Function. 
PROJECTS CIPS & LEAN Projects 
Project Procurement and Material Control Manuals 
Material Control Databases in Microsoft Access and Visual Basic. 
Time Management Techniques & Personality Types 
Presenting yourself with impact Issues & Techniques 
Positive Attitude 
Distinctive Environments and Behaviors 
EDUCATION 
Diploma in Mechanical Engineering B Grade 2002 Modern college of Technology, Abbottabad. 
Mechanical Engineering (Three Years Diploma) 
BS (Computer Science) 3.39 C.G.P.A 1999 PIMSAT, Islamabad 
Computer Sciences Study 
F.Sc (Science General) 
B Grade 1995 Federal Board, Islamabad. 
Mathematics, Statistics & Economics study Matriculation 
A Grade 1993 
Federal Board, Islamabad. 
Science Group (Mathematics, Physics, Chemistry & Biology Study) EXTRA QUALIFICATION 
Contracting & Procurement (Major in Project Buying) Material Management, Logistics & Supply Chain Management 
Inventory Control & Warehouse Management 
COMPUTER SKILLS SAP/ERP systems working Knowledge 
MS Access & VB Databases 
MS Excel, MS Word, MS PowerPoint , MS outlook 
Analytical Skills in Supply Chain Management Tools 
SEMINARS 
Conducted training sessions on Procurement and Material Management 
SAP/ ERP Inventory Control 
Held Invoices 
Delivered presentations on management related issues. 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
Fathers Name: 
Dr. M. Bashir Saifi (Late) 
Mothers Name: Mst. Imtiaz Saifi 
Date of Birth: October 08, 1976 
Religion: Islam 
Passport No. AK5984294 
Marital Status: Married 
Nationality: 
Pakistani 
LANGUAGES 
English, Urdu, Hindi, Punjabi & Arabic 
