Kavita Khemani https://ca.linkedin.com/in/khemanikavita 
Contact number +16475395493 
Email: khemanikavita@hotmail.com Summary 
Kavita Khemani is a strategic Project Manager with extensive project management, business analysis, and change management experience. She is a leader who understands the business and client needs and provides innovative solutions by leveraging her analytical and critical thinking skills. Kavita has 15+ years of strong leadership experience in a variety of environments including leading dispersed teams in multiple countries. For the last 11+ years she has worked primarily in IT services and consulting. Her focus over these years has been to deliver innovative ways to grow the business by developing strong client and vendor relationships to achieve project and business goals. By bringing thought leadership and problem solving experience, she has managed to help align technology and projects to strategic business objectives. Kavita is very passionate about creating leaders. As a leader she believes that "Good leaders develop ideas. Great leaders develop people. The best leaders develop new leaders." She leads by motivating her team to perform to their full potential and also by supporting them to enhance their skillset and knowledge base. Kavita finds it every rewarding to see happy clients and a happy team. 
Experience 
Sr. Project Manager at BMO Financial Group 
October 2015 Present (1 year) Toronto, Canada Area 
Establishing and directing strategic projects established by the account team. Managing highly complex and large-scale in nature, spanning multiple functions and/or business groups/LOBs. 
Leading launch of new products and services, large-scale application development, systems integration, business acquisition and integration, operational efficiency improvements, process reengineering, and infrastructure upgrades and deployment. 
Holding the primary project relationship with senior executives from both business and T&O (in Consulting and partnering with other stakeholders such as relationship managers and portfolio managers), and ensuring that a successful business outcome is the prime measure of success. 
Direct accountability for projects with up to 50 team members. 
Accountable for defining, planning, orchestrating, and delivering assigned strategic projects, including all business, operational and IT deliverables. 
Ensuring end results are of the highest caliber with a clearly articulated scope and quantifiable business benefit. Ensure there is clear linkage between the business vision/context and the project scope and objectives. Ensure mechanisms to measure benefits are set up in the project. 
Providing leadership, motivation, coaching, mentoring and professional development for project teams in order to obtain a high level of co-operation and contribution from all project member. 
Develop & ensure development of project artifacts including charter, integrated plan, resource plan, contingency plan, and related PM artifacts, while complying with applicable enterprise standards (e.g. Project Management, Risk, Audit, Compliance). 
Contributing to improve the best practices of the project management community within the Enterprise to help drive consistency, transparency and execution excellence on projects. 
Negotiating complex contracts with external vendors to ensure receipt of specific resources and materials, as well as best value for the Enterprise 
Project Manager/Solution Manager at IBM, Canada. 
May 2013 
Sept 2015 (2 years 3 months) 
Working as an IBM Project Manager/Solution manager with IBM Global Business Services & Global Technology services. 
Responsible for accomplishing the stated project objectives and key project management responsibilities including creating clear and attainable project objectives, building the project requirements, and managing the constraints of the project management triangle, which are cost, time, scope, and quality. 
Achieved high-quality results on concurrent projects (10+) through analytical rigor, project management discipline and effective communications. Involved in RFS process, financial proposal development, solution delivery, risk management, progress integration, project monitoring and reporting. 
Leading 50+ dispersed team members on ERP (SAP, Oracle) Cloud, Mobile and Infrastructure projects. Strong experience with PMBOK aligned Project Management Methodologies, Waterfall & Agile. 
Leading client and vendor teams to meet the project goals including business process change, end to end integration, deployment and change management. 
Led multiple projects on end to end SAP implementations, developing Mobile apps for Banks, Airline and Telecom clients and implementing infrastructure projects. (Clients include Bell Canada, Rogers, Sunlife Life Financial, Panorama, TD, Tangerine, Toronto Hydro and Province of Nova Scotia). 
Project Manager (Student Support) at Centennial College, Toronto -Canada. 
2012 - 2013 (1 year) 
Facilitated Discover Centennial Open house event. (Nov 2012). 
Volunteered for multiple job fairs on campus. (Oct 2012 Jan 2013) Duties performed included project management, customer service, business analysis, market research, team building workshops, recruitment, advertisement (online digital and print), guests services, campus tours etc. 
Project Manager at Voila Strategic Brand Design, Mumbai - India 2009 - 2012 (3 years) 
Responsibilities include: Leading as a Project manager and providing Solution delivery on multiple projects. Leading 45+ resources across diverse environments and location. 
Managed projects with budget of 300K to 12M. 
Supervised the development of designs for market research, brand identities, customer management system, space design and retail experience design. 
Review, process, close and administer credit card and loan applications to develop client base and enhance the online portal. 
Led design, development, integration and maintenance of company website and customer websites including the sales and payment portals. 
Coordinated software solutions in conjunction with the design team, networking and website development team with strong internal and external customer focus. Managed multiple external client and vendor relationships to achieve the project goals. 
Led the development of functional specifications, solution roadmap and led the team in reviewing technical scope and traceability matrix. 
Coordinated JAD sessions with the internal and external customers, the technical team and the business process owners. 
Project Manager/ Business Analyst at Emirates Airline, Dubai - UAE 
May 2008 - August 2009 (1 year 4 months) 
Led Oracle, SAP and Enterprise Architecture projects as a Project Manager/BA. 
Developed training management (end to end implementation and integration of hardware and software) system to incorporate the scheduling for pilots and air hostess. 
Enhanced ERP packages, data storage management system, Documentum projects. 
Provided leadership for business mapping, providing IT and business solutions for internal and external customers. 
Led a team of 45+ people including client and vendor resources by leveraging leadership and project management skills. 
Implemented TMS - Training management system to track the training, rostering, certification requirements, HR requirements for all pilots and air hostess working for Emirates Airlines. Deployment of Documentum to store all licenses, documentation for all projects and the airline across the globe. 
Led the integration of financial management system and the web server to track all online payments and secure them using Token management system. 
SAP Functional consultant/Sr.Business Analyst at State of Florida, USA 
January 2007 - December 2007 (1 year) 
Led analysis and development of business and service models for the Florida state government. Developed and managed relationship with end users, corporations, government officials and vendors. 
Implemented SAP [Modules - SAP ECC 6.0, SAP CRM, Reporting - SAP BW 5.0 & BW 7.0] Led as a senior prime team member with the team of 350 people for development of as-in process and desired state for the CAMS Phase II project conducted by Department of Child support, Florida state government. Coordinated PMP and scrum process, configuration, testing, support of various functionalities in Project Systems and FI/CO module. 
Conference service assistant at Dominican University, Chicago - USA. 
August 2005 - January 2007 (1 year 6 months) 
Led an Event Management team of 30+ resources for organizing events like Conferences, Weddings, Job fairs, Retreats, Business Meetings, Sports Meets, Community Events, Alumni reunions etc. 
Provided leadership in organizing schedules, meeting deadlines, creating sales opportunities and providing exemplary services. 
Business Analyst/Financial Analyst at NRMA, Sydney- Australia. 
March 1998 - October 2004 (6 years 8 months) Conducted business development via sales and customization of insurance products and financial solutions. Financial Analyst Profile. (Marketing and sale of life, general insurance and investments.) Processed and reviewed credit applications & claims to build and manage the portfolio of business and personal clients. 
Created MI Reports. Developed financial software to enhance the customer service experience. 
Facilitated promotion, marketing and cross-selling of insurance and financial products (credit cards/loans/line of credit etc). 
Conducted Relationship management with direct customers, company executives, vendors and external cleints. Resolved customer inquiries and complaints. 
Education 
Centennial College - PMP, Project Management, 2012 2013 Dominican University - MBA, Finance and International Business, 2005 - 2007 University of Western Sydney - MCA, Business computing, 1999 - 2001 MS University - BCOM, Accounting/Commerce, 1995 - 1999 Convent of Jesus and Mary - HSC, Accounting/Commerce, 1980 - 1995 
