S.KAVITHA Mobile: +91 - 9843634014 E-Mail : kavitha1.selvaraj@gmail.com (mailto:kavitha1.selvaraj@gmail.com) / kavi.ja@gmail.com (mailto:kavi.ja@gmail.com) Profile Summary 8+ years of experience in Content Management Service / Cataloging / Taxonomy mapping / Online/Market Research. Experience in working with ITES/ E-commerce /Banking Sector in various departments. Proven track record of balancing multiple projects simultaneously by exceeding the targets with accuracy. 
Work Experience 
Organization : Ugam Solutions 
Designation : Senior Content Analyst-Retail 
Duration : July 2014 to December 2015 (1 Yr 5 Months) 
Key Deliverables: 
To provide services and solutions to internet retailers/entertainments sites on their requirements and challenges 
Catalog & Content: To source and standardize information (Specifications, Images, Datasheets, Videos etc.) from websites to enable improved content and user experience; thus increasing consumer engagement, improving traffic to the website and increasing sales Taxonomy & Classification: Classifying products, developing hierarchies, building taxonomy maps and specification sheet creation 
Search Engine Optimization (SEO): Research keywords Roles & Responsibilities 
Creating product catalogs for online retailers which includes Variation Sku Set-up (Item Set-up) / Product Naming / Categorization (Taxonomy Mapping) / Attribute Mining / Imaging / Bullet Writing (Featured Bullets) / Caption writing for Images 
Assigning Taxonomy structure to the SKUs and map attributes to facilitate marketplace integration. (Left-Hand Navigation) 
Building attributes structure for categories and suggesting the attribute values. 
Capturing images from manufacturer/Production companies/ other third party website. Processing and caption writing to the images according to clients requirement 
Met / exceeded operational targets 
Managed the team consists of eight members Regularly and accurately updating the delivery/productivity/accuracy reports and to ensure essential deliverables are met Created analytical reports for data comparison. 
Quality check for the files done by the team and delivering it to the clients promptly on weekly/Daily and Monthly basis 
Assist the supervisor in tasks / assignments like developing / executing new procedures / processes, diagnosis of problem / client issues, etc Provide support to ad hoc projects to assist client solve problems associated with online selling Escalated issues noticed in processes and projects to Supervisor in a timely manner Handling Training sessions for the new members 
Organization : 365 Media Pvt. Ltd-Coimbatore 
Designation : Senior Process Associate (Acting Team Lead) 
Duration : May 2012 to February 2014 (1 Yr 10 Months) Roles & Responsibilities 
Worked for a worldwide online directory publishing client. 
Ability to update the data on a real time basis. 
Managed the team consists of four members 
Monitoring the advertising industry globally and update the every info gathering across the internet in the database on a real time basis. 
Having deep experience on the American advertising industry information. 
Analyzing & updating the advertising industry news including new business deals, executive moves & brands of the advertizers. 
Extracting relevant content/information from unstructured data. 
Working knowledge in Citrix DB 
Daily reports generation using MS Excel to analyze performance metrics of the projects & delivering it to the client promptly. 
Ensure both quality and quantity is attained on assignments 
Organization : KGISL- Coimbatore 
Designation 
: Web Researcher 
Duration : March 2011 to April 2012 (1 Yr 2 Months) 
Key Deliverables: 
Identify & Source candidates using a variety of creative approaches, including Job boards, Alumni listings, online professional associations and networking. Leverage the in-house Applicant Tracking System and upload all candidate related information through the entire hiring process. 
Roles & Responsibilities 
Pre-qualifying candidates for Fortune 500 companies at all levels & bandwidth from several industry areas such as IT Consulting Services, Professional Services, Managed Services, Financial Services, Telecommunications, Pharmaceuticals, Media, Recruitment and Staffing. Partnering with Search Consultants to develop search strategies by identifying and qualifying target candidates, sources and companies for each new search engagement. 
Experience using Sourcing techniques include utilization of AIRS search technologies like Advanced Boolean search strings, Flip Search, X-Raying, Associations, User Groups, Technology Forums, Blogs 
Extensively used web sites such as Hoovers, Dice, LinkedIn, Jigsaw, Spoke, Xing, Manta etc Ability to gather, verify and validate candidate information using phone 
Following the defined SLAs in research Review and analyze candidate profiles to best match client requirements Prepare daily reports and deliver it to the client promptly Ensure both quality and quantity is attained on assignments Work in a deadline driven, dynamic environment. 
Used Traditional Recruiting methods such as Social Networking, Job Posting and Internal resume databases 
Preparing EEO Reports and other back office supports 
Organization : Flamingo information services 
(Authorized DSA for ICICI Credit Card collection) Designation : Team manager / Agency Admin In-charge 
Duration : 15-June 2008 to 15 July 2010 (2 Yrs 1 Month) Roles & Responsibilities 
Responsible for the overall sales and collection activities in Agency 
Managing the team consists of 8 members Updated daily report of agency collections to branch and Bank. 
To allocate data & to fix the targets to Telecallers & Field Executives. 
Coordinating with Field executives. MIS reporting to Bank Managers. 
Agency Admin works (To maintain Petty cash, Attendance Register, Salary register, all Admin works related to bank & agency, to prepare & submit monthly bills to bank etc...) 
Organization : 
V-Serve (Service Provider of ICICI Bank Personal Loans) 
Designation : Telesales Executive & MIS Coordinator 
Duration : 20-Sep 2006 to May 2008 (1 Year 9 Months) Roles & Responsibilities 
Capturing Personal loan files Strong knowledge of processes and principles for providing personal and customer services. 
Generating leads for personal loans. 
Verifying KYC Documents 
Keeping proper follow up of appointments and Coordinate with Sales Team. 
Filing, Documentation 
One of the best performer in DST 
Collecting South Zone MIS (ROTN MIS) and daily reporting to senior Managers 
Education 
B.Com with Computer Applications in 
Tamilnadu open University (2013) with 61% Higher Secondary in CCMA Government Girls Higher School, Coimbatore (2001) with 85% SSLC in CSI Girls Higher Secondary School, Coimbatore (1999) with 68% Other 
Skills 
MS-Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook). 
Deep knowledge & understanding of social media and online media Ability to grasp and analyze the situation quickly and skillfully Personal Details 
Date of Birth: 23 November 1983 
Marital Status: Married 
Languages Known: English, Tamil, Telugu & Hindi 
Location: Coimbatore 
Place : 
Date : [S.KAVITHA] 
