 Mohan Raj.R Mobile : ,+91-7022385423, +91-9790383135 
Senior Software Engineer E-mail : mohanrajr86@gmail.com mohanrajr18@gmail.com 
Profile 
Working as a Senior Software Engineer with 6.2 Years Experience in Analysis, Design and Development . 
Professional Summary 
Good experience in HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, JavaScript, Ajax and Nodejs. 
Hands-on Experience in Mobile Application Development. 
Application Development using HTML5, JQuery, JavaScript, CSS3 and Ratchet Framework for iOS device. 
Responsive Web Design for desktop and mobile channels. 
Debugging web applications using Developer Tools in browsers. 
Good knowledge of PHP. 
Good experience in CMS like Wordpress, Joomla, Magento and Moovweb 
Good experience in SQL Server, PostGreSQL, MySQL databases and MongoDB. 
Good experience in cleaning the Malware sites. 
Excellent experience in GoogleWebToolkit and it's related technologies for end-to-end web application development. 
Good experience customizing Responsive themes in wordpress, Joomla and Magento. Analyzed many issues and resolved them under high pressure situations. 
Well organized, analytical, problem solving & leadership skills. 
Good experience in handling clients & meeting their requirements. 
Willing to adapt to new technologies and work environments. 
Effective in working independently and collaboratively in teams. 
Hands-on Experience in Enterprise Mobile Application Development. 
Technical Skills 
Languages : C, C++, VB.NET, ASP.NET, PHP, Ruby On Rails. 
UI development : HTML5, CSS3, JQuery, JavaScript CMS-PHP : Wordpress, Studiopress, Joomla. (Responsive Theme) 
Framework : Bootstrap, JQueryMobile, Ratchet , Express & Genesis. 
Databases : SQL Server, PostGreSQL, MySQL and MongoDB. DBMS Packages : 
Oracle 9i, Microsoft SQL Server 2005, Microsoft 
Access. 
Corporate Experience 
Currently working as 
Sr. Engineer at Mindtree Pvt Ltd, Bangalore. 
From July 2015 to till date . 
Worked as Sr. Engineer Tech Mahindra, Bangalore. 
From April 2014 to June 2015. 
Worked as Sr. Engineer in Velan Info Services India Pvt Ltd, Coimbatore. From July 2010 to April 2014. 
Education 
MCA in KGiSL-IIM, Coimbatore with 71% (2007-2010). 
BCA in Dr. S.N.S Rajalakshmi College of Arts & Science, Coimbatore. With 66% (2004-2007). 
Higher sec. in Sri Ramakrishna Matriculation Hr & Sec School, Coimbatore with a 59.6%. 
S.S.L.C in Kovai Kalaimagal Matriculation Hr & Sec School, Coimbatore . School with a percentage of 74. 
Projects 
Mangements 1. EMSP: Enterprise Mobility Services Platform. 
Company Tech Mahindra Limited 
Description 
The EMSP as Enterprise Mobility Services Platform, build mobile applications that grow your business using real-time data connected to the location and context of people and things. Accelerate and simplify your mobile application development, management, and integration with our Enterprise Mobility Services Platform. 
Environment Windows, NodeJS, Mongo DB & BootstrapUI 
Personal Role EMSP Admin Portal, Requirement Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, deployment and production support activities. Client Interaction. 
Clients CISCO 
2. MOHAJJ iPhone App. 
Company Tech Mahindra Limited 
Description 
The purpose of the application MOHAJJ is to provide all the information and instructions a pilgrim needs to know about preparing for the journey, and performing of Hajj. 
The application has a simple layout which contains six major tabs and three minor tabs on the Table of Contents screen. A simple tap on every tab takes to the information screen which contains the detailed information about different aspects associated with Hajj. 
Environment Windows, HTML5, CSS3, Ratchet. 
Personal Role MOHAJJ, Requirement Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, production support activities and Client Interaction. 
Clients CISCO 
3. Wordpress, Joomla & Magento 
Company Velan Info Services India Pvt Ltd 
Description Created more than 50 websites using wordpress, Joomla & Magento for normal and Ecommerce sites with Responsive. Also plugin creation in wordpress. 
Environment HTML5, Wordpress, Magento, & Joomla. 
Personal Role Requirement Gathering, Analysis, Design, Development, Testing, production support activities and Client Interaction. 
List Of URLs 
1) http://www.shoerevival.com 2) http://www.okdelivered.com 
3) http://www.fasttwitchperformance.com 
4) http://www.accesspropertiesne.com 
5) http://www.shotznaturalenergy.com 
6) http://www.vietnamorientalfood.com 
7) http://www.myamreeka.com 
8) http://www.achieversinlife.co.uk 9) http://www.solutions.birchman.com.au 10) http://www.newlifeministry.co.uk 11) http://dev.velanapps.com Personal Profile 
Fathers name : Mr. R.Ramamurthy 
Gender : Male 
Marital Status : Single 
Age & Date of birth : 28, 18-05-1986 
Nationality : Indian 
Languages Known : Tamil & English. 
Hobbies : Music & Dance 
Permanent address : No:9, Manickavasagar street, C.K.S Illam,3rd floor-No:8, Nalvarlay out,Rathinapuri, 
Coimbatore- 641027. 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above information is true to best of my knowledge. 
Place: Bangalore. 
Yours Sincerely 
Date : (MohanRaj.R) 
