 JAYA PRAKASH V mail: jp2jayaprakash@gmail.com contact: 8760009677 Objective 
To work in an environment which can help me to develop my technical abilities in that field so that I can go for R&D in the field and contribute towards the growth of my organisation Educational Profile 
Degree Institution Percentage / CGPA B.E.ECE 
Angel College of Engineering and Technology, Tirupur 
71.5*
 HSC 
Mercy Matriculation Higher Secondary 
School,Kadaiyur 77.33 SSLC 
Mercy Matriculation Higher Secondary 
School,Kadaiyur 88.2 
*Up to 6th semester Technical Skills 
Languages : C, C++, Verilog,VHDL 
Operating Systems : 
Windows XP,7,8 
Design Tools : 
Matlab,Orcad, Proteus,Xilinx 
Tools : Packet tracer,Eclipse,VMware workststion 
Co/Extra-Curricular Activities 
Member of ISTE 
Executive member for organizing Infosys campus connect program 4.0 Area of Interest 
Computer Networks 
Wireless Communication 
Achievements 
Presented a Paper (VARIOUS CELLULAR GENERATIONS) in National level technical symposium organized by Aditya Institute of Technology, Coimbatore. 
Presented a Paper (VARIOUS CELLULAR GENERATIONS) in National level technical symposium organized by Maharaja Institute of Technology, Coimbatore. 
Presented a Mini project (MACHINARY CONTROL USING IR SENSOR) in National level technical symposiums held at Maharaja Institute of Technology, Coimbatore. 
Workshops Attended 
Workshop on Basics of Robotics & programing for 
Atmega8 using AVR studio in Angel College of Engineering and Technology by Robosapiens Technologies Pvt.Ltd. 
Workshop on Basics of cyber security & Hacking & VM ware workstation in Kumaraguru College of Technology. 
Workshop on Basics of Networking, Configuring Cisco Routers & Switches, Packet tracer software in Angel College of Engineering and Technology by Azure skynet & i-Medita Workshop on Basics of ARM processor & its applications in Angel College of Engineering and Technology by Pantech Pro Ed Pvt.Ltd. 
International Workshop on Android Application Development about Basics of Android 
programming using eclipse and Android sdk & jdk tools in Park College of Enginnering and Technology. 
Personal Details 
Date of Birth : 05.04.1995 
Languages Known : Tamil, English. 
Nationality : Indian 
Marital Status : Single 
Hobbies : Surfing Internet,Photography. 
Other Qualities : Punctual, Sincere, Hard Worker, Willing to learn new things Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above mentioned details are true to the best of my knowledge. 
Jaya prakash V 
