 I believe in the principle of WORK, LEARN & EARN. 
To work with best so that I can be the best. 
Learn as much as I can, both from the success and failure as well. 
Earn till my satisfaction. 
Company: Blocher Blocher India Pvt. Ltd. 
(Asian subsidiary to Blocher Blocher Partners-Germany) 
Time Period: 15 March 2015- Till Date 
Designation: Architect 
Project Undertaken:- 
Mondeal Heights (Commercial Project) 
The project consists of two commercial tower each having seventeen floor. It s the first of its kind of project in Ahmedabad and the tallest among all. 
The entire fa ade is made up of GRC and glass. 
Role: To prepare the working drawings, to prepare the concept for hollow plinth, to co-ordinate with different consultants, material specification and selection and routine site inspection. 
Private Residence (Residential Project) 
The project is the adobe for one of the top industrialist of India. The villa is basically made of exposed RCC with the voids filled by Burma teak wood windows. 
The entire architectural planning & interior is done by 
BBI. 
Role: To prepare the concept drawing, working drawings & 3-D model (mainly for swimming pool lounge), to co-ordinate with different consultants, material specification & selection and routine site inspection. 
Professional Experience 
Ar. PRABHAT TYAGI 
B-22, Meenal Balmukund Residency, Rajnagar Extension, Ghaziabad (U.P.) +91 898 077 5337 
prabhatganesh@gmail.com 
Career Objective 
The Villa (Residential Project) 
The project is a 125 acer weekend farm house scheme at Bhuj (Gujrat). The project basically consists of house and logger amenities like club, banquet, adventure zone, lake, kid s zone, shops and an artificial lake. Project will be executed in five phases 
Role: To make the conceptual drawings and 3-D model for main entrance gate, club, 2, 3 &4 BHK house, general street layout drawing, to co-ordinate with landscape architect and material selection. 
Satya One (Commercial & Retail Project) 
The project consists of a commercial tower having dynamic perforated fins. It is one of its kind. The dynamic fa ade makes the building more sustainable. The ground and the first floor is dedicated to retail shops. 
Role: To prepare the working drawing set, to assist the senior architect, to prepare the concept for landscape and site office. 
Skydeck Select (Residential Project) 
The project is a high end luxurious residential scheme, consists of two 13 storied high towers. Tower A has 3- BHK flats were as tower B has 4-BHK flats. Both towers have pent houses at top two floors. 
Role: To prepare the working drawings & to co- ordinate with different consultants. To conduct site meetings and regular site inspection. 
Company: Renascent Consultant Pvt. Ltd. 
Time Period: 01 June 2014- 01 February 2015 
Designation: Junior Architect 
Project Undertaken:- 
M.S.Y. Medical College & Hospital, Meerut 
The project consists of super specialty hospital in medical college campus. 
Role: To prepare working drawings & 3-D model of the relative blocks. 
Private Residence, Dehradun (Residential Project) 
According to client s demand the house is made as per Vastu Shastra principles. The house was based on the traditional theme and materials. 
Role: To prepare working drawings & 3-D model of the interior and exterior. 
Company: Renascent Consultant Pvt. Ltd. 
Time Period: 01 Jan 2013- 01 May 2014 
Designation: Freelance Architect 
Project Undertaken:- 
Venkateshwara University, Gajraula (Institutional 
Project) 
C.I.S.F. Campus, Ahmedabad Private Residence, Dehradun (Residential Project) Buddha Hospital, Bijnor 
Role: To prepare concept/working drawings as instructed by senior architect(s). To prepare the 3-D model for same. 
Company: S.C.D.C. Pvt. Ltd. 
Time Period: 01 June 2012- 01 Dec 2012 
Designation: Trainee 
Project Undertaken:- 
P.V.V.N.L Office (Hydal Electricity), Meerut 
Plot No.11 Residence, Jasola, Delhi 
Private Residence, Noida 
Residence cum Office Building, Meerut 
Saraswati Residential Towers, Meerut 
Bachelor of Architecture 
College of Architecture, I.E.T.-Bhaddal 
Punjab Technical University 2014 
(1)Auto Cad (2)Sketchup (3)Indesign (4)Coral Draw (5)Photoshop (6) Stadd Pro 1ST POSITION IN COLLEGE (ACADEMICS). 
WINNER OF ADITYA BIRLA YUVA RATNA AWARD (PUNJAB REGION) 
WINNER OF NASA (ZONAL) MAIN DESIGN & SECONDARY DESIGN NATIONAL LEVEL PLAYER AND STATE LEVEL (WEST BENGAL) CHAMPION IN SWIMMING 
Academic 
Internship 
Qualification 
College 
University 
Year of Completion 
Software Skills Achievements 
