CHANDRA PRAKASH. S Contact: +91 8971162375/ +91 9845362705; Email: cprakash.kav@gmail.com Operations & Business Development Manager 
OBJECTIVE: Seeking excellence in the chosen professional field, through self-motivation, hard work and augmentation of core skills required to effectively delivering the goods. Striving to achieve excellence in par se, through selective and focused pursuit of the short and long-term goals, through my chosen organization and work field, where knowledge, hard work, skills and talents are given their respective dues. 
PROFILE 
A competent professional with 10+ years' experience in the areas of People Management, Process Management, Business Analysis/Intelligence, Call Center Operations, and Technical support functions, Operations in BPO, Sales. 
Currently functioning as Operations & Business Development Manager with IDfy (Baldor Technologies Pvt Ltd). 
Proficient in managing & supervising teams for running successful process operations & experience of developing service standards for business excellence. 
Possess excellent interpersonal, communication and organizational skills with proven abilities in training & development, excellent analytical abilities and proficient in tools like MS office, MS SQL Server, MS- Visio. 
Self-motivated, hardworking and goal-oriented, with a high degree of flexibility, resourcefulness and commitment. 
A team player, ability to work comfortably with people from diverse backgrounds and experiences. 
SKILL SET: Project/Program Management 
Risk Management 
Operations Management 
Research & Analysis Skills 
Budgeting & Forecasting Team Building/Leadership 
Vendor Management Cost Reduction Planning 
Strategic Business Planning 
Business Development Client Relationship Management 
People Management 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
IDfy (Baldor Technologies Pvt ltd.) - (July 2015 Apr 2016) 
IDfy is a technology based Background Verification company. 
Operations/Business Development Manager: 
Managed City Operations for Background Verification Services. 
Successfully setup Operations in Bangalore & Chennai. 
Set up Operations for Address, Educational, Employment Verification & facilitating Police Verification. 
Vendor Management & Client Management. 
Handled B2B Enterprise sales for the company. Empaneled with Clients like IBM, Fidelity, and Accenture just to name a few. 
DELL INDIA Pvt. Ltd (Oct 2011 - Feb 2014) 
Project Program Management Analyst - India DSP Team 
Projects & Operations team, related to Reports and Analytical part of the Business. 
Successfully setup the process of Capacity Planning for OPS's (On Field service Engineers). 
Follow project management philosophy. 
Provide team with proactive Business Intelligence with inputs on process gaps & Quantitative Analysis. 
Generate and maintain Analysis for customer experience, productivity on a daily, monthly and quarterly basis. 
Generate Analysis related to the Spend and Savings of the Break fix and Carry in Services. 
Cost Opportunities: 
Provide Analysis , input on the following initiatives Zonal Optimization 
Optimize Partner Mix 
DCSS Tool Maintenance activities - Service Locator, DCSS maintenance, NPI , Billing 
Helped DSP team in launching and maintaining Fusion Tool for all DSP related escalations. 
VENDOR MANAGEMENT. 
Drive Operational Excellence with Partners Simplify & Standardize policies, procedure & Metrics. 
Influenced & drove down inefficiencies & dependencies in Partner Operations through various projects. 
End to End ownership of all Escalations. 
Build strong Partner engagement & Influence strategic decisions. 
PROJECTS: 
Reports Automation and Standardize Management and reporting Framework for the Business. 
Service Locator Enhancement for Cost Optimization. (PAN INDIA LEVEL PROJECT) 
Service Level Enhancement. 
Postal code level analysis by calls & SLA. 
SLA/Zone level analysis for Logistics & Labor. 
Coordinating with Partners/Stake holders for getting sign offs and implementation of the plan till execution and sustenance. 
Organizing and leading the knowledge sharing session with Partners/Stakeholders. 
Forecast Planning for Onsite services and set the process for smooth run of the business. (PAN INDIA) 
Call Forecast Planning, Trend Analysis. 
90/60/30 Day Planning. 
Call Allocation for partners 
Allocation Break up for Pan India 
Capacity Planning based on Calls Forecasted 
Carry in Service center expansion for India. 
Coverage Requirement in No of Cities. 
Cost impact and analysis. 
Partner engagement. 
CPD analysis based on Zonal charges. 
DELL INTERNATIONAL SERVICES (April 2007 - October 2011) 
Global Call Centre Operations (GCCO) WFM Specialist (August 2009 - October 2011) GCCO Specialist / Coach, maintain queue awareness and vigilance to the queue conditions. 
Core competence in Capacity planning, Scheduling, Shift allotment, Forecast Analysis, Operational Analysis, Databases & Queue Management, eWorkforce Management, Relationship Management and Customer Service. 
Maintain awareness of latest Routing Directives and ensure queue reporting, routing and support are 100% compliant. 
Maintain GCCO communications including Queue Issue Resolution Procedure (QIRP) reports and Service Level (SL) goals along with deferring issues / reports / emails to the concerned specialist group / Analyst / Senior Analyst and responding appropriately to questions & comments from both internal & external customers. 
Thorough knowledge and understanding of call center matrix and associated reporting tools like Central Management 
System (CMS), Avaya reports, local templates, tools and databases. 
Provide thorough and detailed Operational Analysis as and when needed / directed along with learning to recognize which common events will require additional analysis and be proactive in providing this data to Analyst and Managers. 
Manage projects independently and bringing up the recommendations to the management. 
Assist in training other team members & new hires. Awarded for training & ramping up new hires. 
Trained on PARTNER MANAGEMENT (OSP). 
TREX - Team Resolution Expert. 
Assisting the team with their Technical Queries. 
Taking ownerships to call the Customer back & help them fix the technical problems. 
Handling Customer Escalations. 
Providing a Daily report to the manager (Escalations, Ownerships etc.). 
Technical Support Representative (April 2007 - August 2009) Providing Technical Support for Canadian Customers on Desktops and Notebooks. 
Troubleshooting and Fixing Problems faced in Windows 98/2000/ME/XP/Vista Operating Systems. 
Troubleshooting and Fixing Internet connectivity Issues for customers using Dial-up as well as High-speed connection. 
Troubleshooting hardware related problems faced by customers during regular usage Ability to provide a solution on any of the above issues at an Average Handling Time of 25 minutes. 
Providing Excellent Customer Experience While handling customers having varying Computer Literacy. 
Achieve daily target with no compromise on quality. 
Achieving Sales target (Up selling). 
DELL INTERNATIONAL SERVICES (January 2005 - April 2006) 
Designation: Technical Support Expert. 
HUTCH Tele Shop, MYSORE (December 2002 - February 2004) 
Designation: Sales Representative (Field Sales & Team Management) Selling Postpaid Mobile Connections to Individual Customers. 
Converting Prepaid Customers to Postpaid. 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
BACHELOR OF BUSINESS MANAGEMENT: Vidyavardhaka First Grade College, University of Mysore. 2001-2004 PRE UNIVERSITY COURSE (COMMERCE): Ranga Rao Memorial College, Mysore 1999-2001 S.S.L.C (10TH): Mahajana High School Mysore. 1999 
TRAINING & CERTIFICATIONS ITIL Foundation: Training Complete 
PMP: Training Complete 
TECHNICAL PROFICIENCY 
Advanced MS SQL, MS Excel, MS Visio, MS Access, MS PowerPoint 
Networking Skills: Basic Networking Knowledge. 
Wired Concepts: DHCP/STP/TCP-UDP/VLAN 
Wireless Concepts: 802.11 (a,b,g,n Standards)/Power Save/ MIMO/CSMA-CA/MESH Topology. 
Routing Concepts: RIP/OSPF Protocols. 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
NAME : S.CHANDRA PRAKASH DATE OF BIRTH : 02/04/1984 CURRENT CITY : Bangalore 
NATIONALITY : Indian 
MARITAL STATUS : Single 
Place : Bangalore. 
Date : 
Signature : 
