Swadipthya Chakraborty 
Contact No: 9951674247 / 9700171121 
Email ID: swadip121@gmail.com (mailto:mahankali4@gmail.com) 
Career Objective: 
To secure a challenging and responsible position in an organization where there is a scope of contributing and updating my knowledge and skills for the development of self and Organization. 
Seeking challenging assignments across the Industry 
PROFILE: 
Fully conversant with Recruiting through experience in analyzing customer profile etc 3.5 years of Experience in IT Staffing field as a Technical Recruiter for the US Market 
Expertise in full recruitment life cycle in IT staffing 
Contract and Permanent placements in US Market 
Involved in evaluation, placements of consultants and employers in US Market 
Excellent proficiency and knowledge in recruiting techniques such as vendor networking, job boards, (Dice, Monster, career Builder, Prohires and other Job boards), and internal Database 
Professional Experience: 
Company: Orion System Integrators LLC, Offshore Hyderabad. 
Designation: Sr.US IT Recruiter 
Duration: Jan 2016 to till date, 
Responsibilities: 
Understood and worked on the recruiting process starting from Job requirements, and checking with the client needs and posting the Job requirements on job boards and social networking sites, sourcing candidates, validated candidates candidature/resume, and making submittal of resume to 
Account Manager or Clients directly and scheduling interviews, and making follow-ups with candidates upon confirmation from client till joining. 
Used job boards like ITRM, CATS, Monster, Dice, CB, and social networking sites like linkedin.com, Google Groups to successfully source active and passive candidates. 
Successfully communicated with candidates via telephone, e-mail and the Internet to determine skills, experience, and areas for geographic employment, preferences, and availability. 
Checked with Candidate willingness to relocate to the Project location in case he/she is not a local Candidate. 
Collected rate confirmation, R2R (Right to Represent) Form, and all candidature details from candidates and vendors for resume submittal. 
Negotiated salaries and bill rate with candidates and vendors to increase profits margin. 
Maintained excellent relationship with 3rd party vendors to source qualified candidates. 
Experience in recruiting across various technologies and levels (Junior/Middle/Senior) from Programmers to Project Managers, Developers, DBAs, Architects, etc. 
Worked and closed Full-time, Contract and Contract to Hire Job Positions. 
Worked and closed contract position with various tax terms like W2, 1099 & Corp-To-Corp. Attended weekly & Monthly meetings & present Reports on Submissions, Interviews, Offers and Hires. 
Company: TALENTED IT Inc, Hyderabad 
Designation: Technical Recruiter 
Duration: December 2014 to December 2015 
Responsibilities: 
Getting requirement from the accounts manager / BDM 
Understanding the various requirements of the clients and processing the requirement within the time frame. 
Sourcing profiles from various like Job Portals Monster.com, Dice & Career Builder.com, Pro-Hires), references and self-created database of candidates. 
Screening resumes as per the requirements and judging which one would suite the requirement the best Evaluate the resume with current assignment looking for Mandatory Skills, Must Haves & Like to Have, Would be a Plus in the resume. 
Evaluating the candidates resume is matching with the requirement that the prime vendor or client has sent. 
After evaluating the candidates resume, get all his details like his full name, SSN, contact details etc. through e-mail. 
Negotiating any constraints regarding Face-to-Face interviews if required from the client. 
Negotiate the rate with the consultant in case of W2. 
Scheduling and coordinating the interview for all the short listed candidates. Follow up with the clients and the candidates with regards to the schedule. 
Expertise in placing people for both permanent and contract staffing solutions. 
Preparation of Weekly and Monthly report relating to number of interviews happened Offer Made and Candidates Joined. 
Extensive experience on different work authorization [Citizen, Green Card, H1b, EAD], Tax term [CTC, W2, 1099], Mode of Employment [Contact, Fulltime, CTH, Remote]. 
Company: Material Software Systems Inc,(USA) 
Designation: Jr. Recruiter (US Recruitment) 
Duration: December 2012 - November 2014 
Responsibilities: 
Getting requirement from the accounts manger / BDM 
Managed recruiting process from requisition initiation to sourcing, to acceptance of offer and final placement for different employment status like W2, corp-to-corp, and 1099 for US Citizens, GC and H1B holders. 
Implemented sourcing strategies including position postings, direct sourcing/cold calling and networking to develop qualified pool of candidates. 
Thoroughly understood the job requirements of the clients and found the suitable candidates. 
Using the job boards like Monster, Dice, and Computer jobs to successfully source the right candidates according to the job specifications. 
Short-listing the candidates according to their skill sets. 
Screening and interviewing the candidates to ensure that they match the client's requirements accurately. 
Selecting the right candidates and fixing and negotiating their compensation. 
Excellent client and vendor management skills to ensure timely delivery of resources. 
Skills in creative marketing with exceptional communication and presentation skills. 
Responsible for the full life cycle of recruiting and placing technical and non-technical candidates. 
Personal Profile: 
Fathers Name : Late Maheshwar Chakraborty. 
Date of Birth : 15-06-1985 
Sex : Male 
Nationality : Indian 
Language Known : English, Telugu, Hindi, Bengali, Tamil. 
Hobbies : Watching movies and going for long drives. 
Declaration: 
I do hereby declare that the above information furnished by me is true and complete to the best of my Knowledge and belief. 
(Swadipthya Chakraborty) 
