 Flat No. 103, Laa Glory Apartment, 
No. 244, 3 4 th 
Main, BTM Layout II Stage, Bangalore 5 6 0 0 68 . 
Phone: 
+ 91 9 6633 90144 E - mail: 
ganeshgalaxy@gmail.com 
M Ganesh Kumar 
Objectives: 
To seek an intellectually demanding career in Finance & Accounts that would enable me to develop and strongly implement my analytical and decision-making skills. 
To effectively manage my team members and motivate them to work in a challenging atmosphere, thereby contributing to the growth of the organization. 
Work Experience: 
Assistant General Manager 
Commercial at Cherry Hill Interiors Limited. 
June14 to Present 
Cherry Hill is premier brand for corporate general contracts, interiors and expert occupancy services. Addressing the needs of smart corporate offices, hotels, hospitals and the interior solutions includes comprehensive fit-out solutions like networking, audio & video system, security systems, HVAC, electrical, plumbing, fire safety & building automation. Major clients handled: Dell International, Shell India, Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs, VMWare, MediaTek, Bank of America, Adobe etc. 
Overall responsibility for Business, Controlling, Commercial and F&A functions Direct involvement in pre-bid, post-bid discussions and negotiations Decision on contract risks & mitigations, pricing, project cash flow, T&Cs 
Review of master agreements, contracts, financial reporting, capex, margin & controlling functions Ensuring revenue recognition, forecasting & budgeting, financial reporting, project reporting Debtor analysis & reconciliation, heading procurement and smooth AP process, Procurement functions, supply chain efficiency, stock controls Responsibility for P&L, cash flow, capex etc to comply reporting framework Senior Manager 
Commercial & Finance at Active Management Solutions (P) Ltd., Nov11 to June14 
Heading and controlling end to end commercial, finance and accounting functions Strategy consulting, accounting methodology, systems and procedures, financial decisions Evaluation of contract risks & mitigations, pricing, EBIT, project cash flow, man power budgeting Billing, financial tracking & reports, expenses budgeting & tracking, revenue recognition Commercial evaluation of RFQ, tenders, contract terms & conditions, profitability analysis Design & implement systematic processes, systems audits and stock audits Review of master agreements, contracts, financial reporting, capex, margin & controlling functions Preparation of financial projection & forecasting, CMA data and liaison with banks & FIs. 
Preparation of profit & loss statements, cash flow, balance sheets as per reporting framework 
Manager 
Commercial at Siemens Ltd, (www.siemens.co.in), Bangalore 
March09 to Oct11 
Siemens Group in India spans across four major business segments namely Industry, Energy, Healthcare and Infrastructure & Cities. Building Technologies (BT) is part of Infrastructure & Cities segment which offers complete technical infrastructure portfolio of electronic security, fire safety, building automation and technologies 
Managerial responsibilities handled: 
Heading Commercial & Finance (Control) functions in Bangalore region and handled key accounts of IBM & Infosys at pan India level Business partnering & coordination with sales and operations team & supervision of administration team. 
Commercial evaluation of RFQ & tenders, negotiation on commercial terms, pricing decisions Risk Assessment, foreseeing mitigation strategies & implementing risk based control strategies Adhering Limitation of Authority (LoA) on risk level sanctions, periodic risk review and reporting, Capex budgeting Performance and monitoring of KPIs like billing, revenue recognition, credit & collection management, EBIT & cash flows, resource utilization, actual cost versus budgeted cost Booking of sub-contractors bills and supplies, releasing payments, monthly closing of accounts, GL & MIS 
Forecasting of sales, profits, collections, department costs & project profitability reporting Inventory and warehouse control and domestic purchase functions, hardware & software purchase Design and implement systematic processes, Initiate corporate moves on controlling & reporting Liaison with bankers, Taxation Dept, Auditors, PMCs etc., Senior Accounts Officer (Asst. Manager) at Leighton International (www.leightonint.com), Chennai May07 to Dec08 
Leighton India (now Leighton Welspun) is the Asian division of Leighton Holdings, Australia. Their Indian operations include PMC and turnkey facility projects such as Nokia, Flextronics, Salcomp, Wintek, Motorola & Alliance 1st, etc. 
Turnkey Projects handled: TRIL Info Park (Tata Realty & Infrastructure), Motorola, and Flextronics turnkey projects My responsibilities are: 
I have been worked with Commercial Finance and been part of Internal Audit Department 
Preparation of Project Financial Summary & Review of Budget through Forecast Notes 
Control on book-keeping, cost management and commitment control along with cost-codes Billing to client, & systematic payment process to suppliers and vendors Cash forecast, cash management, LG, bank transactions and bank reconciliations Accrual Entries for Sub-Contractors & monthly closing of Accounts, MIS, etc. 
Undertaken inter-branch audit and inter- project audits at regular intervals. 
Service tax & CST cum TNVAT, Fringe Benefit Tax, Income Tax, etc. 
Sub-contractors and Vendors Payment Management. 
MIS on site cost & its profitability, follow-up for retention money, etc. 
Accounts Officer at Albis Engineering Company, Chennai - May 2006 April 2007 
My responsibilities include book-keeping, booking of expenses, contract receipts on RA bills, LG & bank transactions, ESI & PF compliance, Service Tax & CST cum TNVAT, organizing & managing suppliers bills & payments, MIS on site cost & its profitability, follow-up for retention money, etc. 
Managed the projects of TNPL (Tamilnadu Newsprint & Paper Ltd), Covansys IT Park, CPCL (Chennai Petroleum Corporation Ltd), high-raised residential buildings, international residential school project, etc. 
Audit Assistant (Internal Auditor) at KTVR Group Hospital, Coimbatore - January 2003 to April 2006 
Developed systems for internal control and adhering to audit procedures. 
Concurrent verification of accounting procedures & book keeping etc. 
Verification of book keeping on concurrent basis. 
Review of finalization of accounts, accounts system and internal controls. 
Audit Supervisor and Article Clerk at M/s G Karthikeyan & Co., Chartered Accountants, Coimbatore 
May 1998 to December 2002 
Carried out statutory audit, internal audit and systems audit of various service industries like nationalized and private sector banks, hospitals, non-profit organizations and manufacturing units. 
Includes 3 years of Article training. 
Specialized in Bank Audits: 
Statutory Audits as per RBI norms & regulations. 
Verification of credit sanctions, guarantees, service charges, interest rates & recoveries. 
Analysis of borrowing power of clients, drawing limit, working capital and term loans. 
Concurrent & Internal audits as per Head Office guidelines. 
Revenue Audit as per service charges guidelines & circulars of Head Office. 
Investigation audit on specific requirements. 
Academic Profile: 
Masters in Business Administration (2010) Bharathiyar University, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu 
Chartered Accountant 
Inter (2002) 
The Institute of Chartered Accountants of India, New Delhi 
Bachelors in Commerce (1998) Bharathiyar University, Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, Course under pursuit: 
MBL - Masters in Business Law (Final Year) National Law School of India University, Bangalore, Karnataka 
Costing Exposure: 
John Thomas & Associates: FNSACCT4023- Produce Job Costing Information: 
Statement of Attainment: On the Job Training. 
This is a statement that I have been assessed as having fulfilled the following requirements: 
FNSACCT4023- Produce Job Costing Information assessed by John Thomas & Associates, Registered Training Organization No.40126. This statement of attainment is recognized within the Australian Qualifications framework & issued under Authority of the Training & Skills Development Act 2003. Parchment No. 1503. 
Computer Proficiency: 
PGDCS & M (Post Graduate Diploma in Computer Systems & Management) in Alagappa University, Tamilnadu 
ERP Exposure: SAP SD & PS Module 
Worked as Power User in Implementation at Siemens. 
Oracle, Cheops CSSP Construction Software. 
Hands on working knowledge in MS Office, Tally, SAP, Oracle etc. 
Awards: 
Arul Nidhi award winner from Vethathiri Maharishis Kundalini Yoga & Kayakalpa Research Foundation. This award is for disciples who have successfully completed the Masters course. 
Gold Award for contributing to the Motorola Manufacturing Facility Project in Commendable Safety Achievement, during my tenure with Leighton. 
I was selected for Commercial Excellence Training (COMET) & attended the training at Siemens Headquarters in Switzerland. 
(M Ganesh Kumar) 
