 RAJ TILAK VERMA 
Date of birth-01-01-1994 Contact detail- +917827730252 
+918076189469 
Email id- rtvskn@gmail.com 
Career Objective:- 
To have a innovative and creative career in challenging work environment in your reputed organization, where I can apply my own knowledge and enhance my engineering skills for the growth of self as well as organization in mutual cooperative manner. 
Professional Profile:- 
Done B. Tech in Mechanical Engineering from Shri Ramswaroop Memorial College of Engineering and Management, Lucknow, (affiliated to U.P.T.U. ,Lucknow) with aggregate 65% Experience:- 
One year working experience in AMAZON.IN as Problem Solver In the field of data processing, supervisory and ordering bulk product from vendor/supplier and receive the same from receiving section into the FC. 
Academic Qualification:- 
Intermediate Education from UP Board from S.P.S. INTER COLLEGE, Ambedkar Nagar in -2010 with 71.4%. 
High School from UP Board from J.A.H.S. School Ajawan mahuli, S.K.N. in- 2008 with 64.67%. 
Areas of Interest:- 
Automobile Engineering, Production (Specially in Process and Quality Control) and Thermal Engineering (Specially in Power Plant and Refrigeration and Air Conditioning). 
Industry visited:- 
Visited U.P.S.R.T.C., LUCKNOW in second year for general and operational overview. 
Hyderabad industries limited Allahabad Gorakhpur road, Satahria, Jaunpur (UP) in third year for general and operational overview. 
Cold storage visit in Ramswaroop cold storage, Tiwariganj, Lucknow for operational overview in third year. 
Trainings and Projects Undertaken:- 
Four week summer training in second year from Sunbeam Casting Auto Pvt. Ltd. in Gurgaon Plant, Hariyana-(India). 
Four weeksummer training in third year from Diesel Locomotive Workshop Charbagh, Lucknow-U.P. - (India). 
Seminar presentation on Heat Recovery in Steam Generation. 
Currently working on project Cost Reduction in Fettling Process for Casting Component. .Achievements and Co-curricular Activities:- 
First and Foremost achievement is my ability to take my own decisions as when I have in highly stressed situation, have very good project management capability and like to work in group as a leader. 
Participated in Stage Cell as a Organiger in Abhivakty 2k13 (Annual College Fest). 
Hobbies:- 
Playing cricket as a field game and playing chess as a bode game, watching movie, interacting with people and study of historical and geographical places of whole world. 
Personal Details:- 
Mothers Name: 
Mrs. Satyabhama Devi 
Fathers Name: Mr. Prem Chandra Verma 
Permanent Address:- 
Vill -Shivbakhari, Po-Rosya Bazar 
District:- Sant Kabir Nagar (UP) India 
Pin code:- 272162 
Declaration:- 
I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars. 
Date: 08/11 /2016 
Place: DELHI RAJ TILAK VERMA 
