MD SHAHID AHMED 
Mobile +91-9716148626 +91-9661255749 shaanahmed7860@gmail.com (mailto:shaanahmed7860@gmail.com) 
My Blog: shahiddba.blogspot.com (http://shahiddba.blogspot.com/) KEY SKILLS: 
Database Admin (Oracle, SQL) and OS (Windows 2003/2008 Server, Linux) 
CAREER OBJECTIVE: 
Searching an opportunity as an Oracle DBA/Developer to capitalize or effective use of my professional qualification and work experiences. 
CAREER SUMMARY: 
Certified Oracle DBA/Developer is having more than 12 years Experience in the filed of IT Software/DatawareHouse Specially 7 years experience of Managing Oracle database as well as Application Software and 3+2 Years Experience of designing custom applications using Oracle PL/SQL,Developer 6i/2k and Web Programming Language. 
Technical Specialization: 
Planning/Creating/Managing/Renovating/Upgrading DBServer 
Monitoring DB Health/Performing Tuning/Managing users and securities. 
Planning or Making strategy for Backup and Disaster Recovery 
Experienced to Apply all type of Patches. 
Installation and configuration knowledge of RAC database. 
Developing or Customizing the Application (Expert in Oracle forms/Report). 
Personal Qualities: 
Exceptional Managing skills of database. 
Remarkable logical/analytical skills and Honest commitment to the assigned task. 
Good communication skills in writing and verbal both. 
Able to handle the complex or conflict situation. 
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATION: 
Certified Oracle 10g DBA (OCA/OCP/SQL EXPERT) in 2010. 
Master of Computer Application (MCA) in 2008. 
Bachelor of Computer Application (BCA) in 2004. 
Diploma Engg. In Computer Science (DECS)in 1999. 
Passed 12th in Mathematics (B.I.E.C, Patna) in 1995. 
Passed 10th from (B.S.E.B, Patna) in 1993. 
SPECIAL TRAINING: 
Six Month Special Training in Oracle11g/10g DBA Certification From Ducat, Noida 
Six Month Diploma in E-Business Computing From C-DAC (Ministry of Electronics & Information Technology Govt. of India, New Delhi). 
Six Month Special Training in Oracle 7.2 with Developer 2000 from II Technology, Delhi. 
Six Month Training in Hardware&Networking from Jamia Community Polytechnic, Delhi. 
One Year Diploma in Computer Application from NICE Computer, Delhi. 
Two Month Project Training in Oracle 7.1, Devloper2000 from Oratech Software Solution, Gulbarga. 
One Year Diploma in Web Technologies from Krishna Computer Centre, Gulbarga 
IT SKILLS: 
Database : Oracle 11g/10g, Oracle 9i/8i DBA, SQL Server 
Languages : C/C++/JAVA/JSP/JDBC, Perl/VB.net/ASAP.net, HTML/XML 
Operating System : Windows 2003/2008/NT/XP, Linux 4.5/5.4, Solaries 9 
Application : PL/SQL, Developer 2000, Developer 6i. 
Web Technologies : VB.NET, PHP, J Script, Photoshop, Flash, Corel 
IT Hardware : Installaling OS & Different Applications, Trouble shooting & Managing 
Network System, Configuring Network Devices. 
EXPERIENCE SUMMARY: 
No Organization Location Designation 
From To Duration 
1 AL-Sadhan Trading Co. Riyadh 
Oracle DBA Programmar 23/07/11 15/02/16 4.7 yrs 2 
Mayor International Ltd Delhi Oracle DBA 
01/03/09 30/06/11 2.3 yrs 3 Planman Technologies 
Delhi Developer 03/07/06 27/02/09 2.7 yrs 
4 Angels Solution Pvt. Ltd. 
Delhi Team Leader 01/10/03 28/02/06 2.4 yrs 
EXPERIENCE DETAILS: 
Location: Al-Sadhan Trading Co. Riyadh (KSA) 
July 2011 to Feb 2016 
Designation: Oracle DBA Programmar (IT Department) RESPONSIBILITIES as a DBA 
Prepare DB server and Making strategy for backup and recovery as per the database level. 
Experience to Renovates/Upgrade old DB server. 
Experience to reorganized and sized DB objects to meet standards and improve performace. 
Experience of database restore from old server to new server. 
Directly Involved in Making disaster recovery plan. 
Troubleshooting problem regarding the database, applications and development tools. 
Able to Create/Configure/Convert or Migrate ASM instance as per the requirement. 
Experience to apply Database different Patches. 
Managing DB Tablespace/Datafiles in order to maintain normal operational work. 
Monitoring Database Health Daily or Monthly basis and performing SQL tuning in order to provide smooth running of DB for end user. 
Good working Experience on Toad, OEM and Other Backup reporting tools. 
Able to handle different ORA-Errors as per the instance requirement. 
Using Cloning or Duplicate database concept for testing the backup regularly. 
Identifying specific user activities by maintaining proper DB security concept. 
Performing upgrades of the database and software to new release levels 
Involved in performance monitoring and tuning of the database. 
Configuraing or Managing RMAN backup and making automated scripts for backup. Expertise in collecting and diagnosing the STATSPACK, AWR and ADDM reports. 
Rebuilding of Indexes, if bulk load of data is inserted. 
Enhancing end users understanding of database systems by conducting pre-implementation workshops, delivering group and individual training sessions and creating user-friendly training materials. RSPONSIBILITIES as a Developer 
Maintaining Payroll Software (Times HRMS) implemented in Oracle and Developer 2000. 
Preparing Bank File for Monthly and Partial Payment of Employees. 
Maintaining Finance Management Software implemented in Oracle and Developer 6i Control migration of programs, database changes, reference database changes and menu changes through the development life cycle. 
Customizing or adding new oracle forms and Reports as per the department needs. 
User Accounts Management: Creating User Accounts, Providing proper rights to the users 
Directly Involved in modifying oracle financial software to automate the account work in order to minimize the paper work. 
Directly involved to modify Payroll software to pay salary through Bank Accounts/payroll card. 
Developed many crystal reports using T-SQL, JDE Report Design. 
Location: Mayor International Ltd. New Delhi 
March 2009 to Jun 2011 (Project of National Informatic Center (NIC) under Ministry of Information Technology Govt. of India). 
Designation: Oracle DBA (IT Software/DatawareHousing) RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Installing Oracle software or Creating and Administrating database objects. 
Installing Operating system (Windows, Linux, Sun Solaris). 
Performing Daily/Weekly check list to know the health or status of DB. 
Regularly viewing the Alert log file to analyze the ORA errors. 
Used Export or Data pump utilities for the purpose of logical backup. Taking RMAN Backup Daily, weekly or Monthly basis. 
Using Statspack and AWR tools to gather statistics or report. 
Good knowledge of Data dictionary or Views to check different aspect of database. 
Maintaining Tablespace/Datafiles size to accommodate normal DB operation. 
Providing support for the smooth functioning of database to the developer 
Location: Planman Technologies New Delhi - July 2006 to Feb 2009 
Designation: Developer (IT Software Services) RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Installing Oracle binaries or oracle database on Linux as well as Windows 2003 env. 
Creating new oracle forms/Reports as per the project requirements. 
Constructing or Modifying triggers, functions, stored procedures as per the requirement. 
Responsible for the dealing with the problems, bug fixing and troubleshooting. 
Taking end user system backup to secure their daily job work done. 
Installing required software for end user and troubleshooting their system issues. 
Security Features using Menu Roles and limiting the access of the end users All features of Reports Generation 
Location: Angels Solution Pvt. Ltd. New Delhi - Oct. 2003 to Feb. 2006 Project of Central Secretarial Library under Ministry of Tourism Govt. of India 
Designation: Team Leader (Dept. IT Support Services) RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Maintaining Web server and Managing Network connection. 
Preparing Metadata and uploading on to the Portal. 
Maintenance of F. T. P server and transferring the data received. 
Maintaining Daily Backup of site work. 
Creating and Managing User ID and providing proper rights to the users. 
PROJECT WORK: 
1. CompuServe Inventory Management Order Processing System 
Implemented in : Oracle 7.1 with developer 2000. 
Area of Use : Transaction and management of goods in an industry. 2. CompuServe Hotel Management System 
Implemented in : Oracle 8i with Developer 6. Area of Use : Rooms allowtment and Pay Role Management of Five Star Hotel. 
3. Banking & Financial System 
Implemented in : 
Oracle 9i and VB.Net 
Area of Use : Management of Finance and Day to Day Transaction System of a Bank. 
PERSONAL PROFILE: 
Name : 
Md. Shahid Ahmed 
Fathers Name : Mr Zahir Ahmed 
Present Address : 
S-4/8-B, Joga Bai, Jamia Nagar, Okhla, New Delhi - 110025 
Permanent Address : Vill+Po. Balasath, Via- Raipur, Dist.- Sitamarhi, Bihar, Pin - 843326 Date of Birth 
: 
07th Nov. 1978. 
Marital Status 
: Married 
Religion 
: Islam 
Languages Known 
: English, Hindi, Urdu and Arabic (Reading) 
Passport No. 
: H6237669 
Issue Date : 13/07/2009 
Valid Up to 
: 12/07/2019 
Declaration: I hereby declare that all the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Md. Shahid Ahmed 
Place: New Delhi 
Dated: 20/08/2015 
