SUNIL GOVIND MANE 
Contact No. 
9881231954 
Email Address sunilgmane2010@gmail.com (mailto:sunilgmane2010@gmail.com) 
------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Seeking a challenging career in Design and Development as Design Engineer. 
Continuous self and organizational improvement through continuous learning. 
Profile summary Worked in various manufacturing industries. ~Design development process ~ Modeling and Drafting 
Automobile industry Engine manufacturing company Core Competencies 
Engine domain Part Designs to meet DFM, DFA and DFS. 
Assembly of Engine 
Engine packaging in vehicle compartment. 
VAVE of Engine component. 
Key Skill : Execution, customer focus and commitment. 
Knowledge of GD&T. 
Knowledge of sheet metal. 
PLM (Teamcenter) Design development process. 
Worked on components of Engine 
~Design development process ~ Modeling and Drafting 
PLM (Teamcenter) Automobile industry Engine manufacturing company Updating latest Assembly, components and their drawing in PLM 
Parametric modeling and detailing 
Key Skills : Pro-E (wildfire, Creo), PLM (Teamcenter), Autocad, Solid and parametric modeling 
Worked at 
Onward Technologies ltd. 
(Worked for TATA MOTORS LTD. 
1.05L CRAIL ENGINE in ODC) 
Role: Worked as design engineer Projects #1 : Engine Packaging in car front compartment 
Assembly of engine in PRO-E as per part list. 
Routing and clamping of pipe and hoses to meet NVH and packaging requirements.high pressure pipe routing. 
Making of new hoses and routing as per changed intercooler position Bracket design for parts mounting . 
Value engineering of parts while rearranging engine auxillary subsystem. Maintain required clearance with vehicle body parts. 
Making of new components as per supplier in PRO-E. Update engine/vehicle Assembly in data (PLM). Making of manufacturing drawing of new components. 
Projects #2 : Reverse engineering of engine components design modifications. 
Benchmarked competitor machine parts. 
Identified the key functional improvement features. Design modification suggestion. 
Detailed manufacturing drawing. 
Standard parts selection details. 
Projects #3 : Exhaust manifold design modification. 
Air flow passage design for less flow losses. 
Manifold mounting and joint require to meet turbo charger mating flange design. 
Detailing and updation in PLM. 
Projects #4 : Routing and mouting of hoses of intake and exhaust system. 
Air intake filter to turbo charger. 
Intercooler to intake manifold Turbocharger to radiator. 
Projects #5 : Update of sheet metal sump to aluminum. 
Da Vinci design solution. 
(Working for 
Kirloskar Oil Engines ltd, Greaves Cotton ltd. in their plant) . 
Projects #1 : Cylinder head model conversion from six cylinder to four cylinder. 
Wall thickness of cylinder head should be maintained to 5 mm thickness. 
Casting and machining design considerations. 
Water jackets passage design for least flow resistance. 
Injector mounting and clamping arrangement in cylinder head. 
Mounting holes of cylinderhead, mounting, exhaust and intake manifold. 
Update flange gaskets of above component. 
Manufacturing drawing. 
Projects #2: Collect part design input from system design engineers update part and drawing and model to meet DFM/DFS/DFA, reverse Engineering. 
Objectives: Reverse engineering of engine components, Design modifications 
Key Deliverables: Detailed manufacturing drawings. 
Standard parts selection. 
Design modification as per suggestions. 
Perfect oil seals Responsibilities 
Design of oil seal as per requirement of client Assembly and detailing of mold drawing of oil seals. Profile drawing rubber beading.Quality Control process chart for oil seals 
Virgo Engineer Ltd. 
Responsibilities 
Detailing and manufacturing drawing of ball valve of different size range like 1 , 2 , 2.5,3 full bore and reduce bore. 
Assembly of ball valve and drawing Vishwa Industries Cadd Center:- 
Responsibilities 
Making of Casting components, Assembly , Manufacturing Drawing cad conversion as per client standards. 
Bajaj Tempo Ltd. (Force Motors Ltd.) 
Responsibilities 
Apprentice of one year in Bajaj Tempo Ltd. (Force Motors Ltd.) 
Responsibilities- Drawing modification of vehicle components. 
Assembly of components and manufacturing drawing Academic Details 
DME 
--- Govt. Polytechnic pune 
N.C.V.T 
- Bajaj Tempo Ltd. (Force Motors Ltd.) 
I.T.I - Aundh I.T.I 
SSC - Jai Hind High School 
Personal Details 
Date of Birth : 17-03-1974 
Address 
: Ganesh Nagar, (ganesh temple lane) 
Thergaon, Chinchwad 
Pune-33 
Languages Known : 
English , Hindi and Marathi 
Thanking You Your`s Sincerely (SUNIL MANE) 
