KERRY A. OLSEN 
Summary of Qualifications: 
Highly organized and detail-oriented Executive Assistant providing skillful administrative support to senior executives. 
Dedicated and focused; able to prioritize and complete multiple tasks and follow through to achieve project goals. 
An independent and self-motivated professional; able to grow positive relationships with clients and colleagues at all organizational levels. 
Merkle Inc., New York 02/14 Present 
Executive Assistant/Office Manager 
EA Duties: 
Manage demanding and ever changing calendar, coordinating with other executives and their EA s. Anticipate conflicts and resolve with discretion. Ensure executive remains on schedule throughout the day. Reserve meeting facilities, provide for audio/visual needs, refreshments, and transportation as required. Re-confirm all arrangements and ensure they meet the highest standard. Manages team meetings logistics and agendas. Manages team meetings logistics and agendas, including offsite meetings 
Coordinate travel arrangements (communicating itinerary, confirmations, and changes, if applicable) Update contact lists, organization charts, mailing and distribution lists Assembles and collects information from team members and build into PowerPoint presentations for quarterly Town Hall and other team meetings Track corporate card info and coordinate T&E processing Office Manager Duties: 
Greet new employees, show them around the office, and bring them for their security (ID) cards. 
Serve as the main point of contact for all internal and external office related questions. 
Assist our Talent Manager with scheduling interviews and greeting candidates. 
Manage all office maintenance and security issues working closely with building management and building security Manage kitchen and office supply orders Greet guests and clients and ensure that their needs are met in a courteous and efficient way. 
Phone coverage for receptionist. 
AT&T AdWorks, New York, NY 10/11 12/13 
Executive Assistant/Sr. Manager to the President and Vice President of Sales 
Assisted in the management of daily activities with exposure to sensitive information which necessitated considerable use of tact and diplomacy. Interacted with clients, executive and administrative employees, and vendors. Reviewed and prioritized incoming communications and took appropriate action without advance approval. Scheduled meetings and appointments, planned events, and arranged travel. 
Composed email correspondences, presentations, prioritized assignments and tasks under general direction. Some other administrative duties included expense reports, bill processing, workspace service, and records retention using a variety of computer software. 
Some personal assistant duties which included coordinating both business and personal calendar with spouse, managing payments and delivering of home newspapers, shopping errands, booking personal flights, hotels and rental cars, also making dinner reservations, among other tasks as they arise. 
Carat USA, New York, NY 11/08 09/11 
Executive Assistant to the President & Chief Client Officer Coordinated and set up high-level conference calls, management meetings, special events and travel arrangements Provided support with PowerPoint presentations 
Organized, managed, scheduled, and updated calendars Answered incoming calls and in-person inquiries from clients and colleagues; treated each person with respect and provided information and referrals. 
Acted as liaison and maintained open lines of communication among senior executives, middle management and administrative staff. 
Inputted Executives expense reports and their time and approved Executives DR expenses and time. 
Recorded and later distributed minutes from executive management meetings Schering-Plough, Kenilworth, NJ 
12/06 06/08 
Executive Assistant to VP, Compliance/Global Pharmaceutical Business, Sr. Director, Global Privacy, Sr. Director, Global Compliance Training and their staff 
Provided support to Corporate Compliance, Global Privacy, and Global Compliance Training to assist them in reaching their goals and objectives in a timely and effective manner Maintained department budget including tracking actual spending vs. budget Provided support with PowerPoint presentations and with the preparation of BOD memo Arranged domestic and international travel, meeting logistics, and food service for meetings both internal and external Processed expense reports for group, and set up and processed vendor invoices 
167 Kell Ave. 
Staten Island, NY 10314 
Cell: 908-902-9120 kolsen0319@gmail.com http://www.linkedin.com/pub/kerry- olsen/17/a7/201en/17/a7/201 
Managed six calendars and scheduled meetings, conferences, teleconferences, and video conferences 
Maintained and updated departmental lists and organizational charts via Visio 
Raritan Computers, Somerset, NJ 07/06 10/06 EA / Event Planner to the Chairman/CEO and President/COO Planned annual 
All Hands Meeting , responsibilities included negotiation of hotel and contract, selection of meeting rooms, food and beverage, audiovisual elements, room accommodations, transportation to and from hotel, and scheduled offsite dinners Intelligroup, Edison, NJ 11/05 06/06 
Executive Assistant to the President/CEO Prudential Financial, Newark, NJ / Prudential Securities Inc., New York, NY 09/97 11/05 Executive Assistant to the Vice President, Project Management 11/03 11/05 Executive Assistant to the Chief Financial Officer (CFO) - 01/01 11/03 Administrative Assistant to the First Vice President, Financial Group Systems and Administration - 10/00 01/01 Administrative Assistant to Senior VP, 3 managers, and 5 supervisors of the Private Client Controllers group - 09/97 -09/00 
SKILLS: PC and Mac proficient, Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Visio, Outlook, Lotus Notes, Skype, familiar with Microsoft Project & Access, Blackberry, iPhone, Internet Search, Workday, Salesforce, Trackstar, PeopleSoft, Concur, LDRPS, Keyboarding: 65 WPM 
