MITHILESH BAJAJ 
Contact: +91-7506649479, E-Mail: mithilesh_bajaj@yahoo.com Seeking senior level assignments in Revenue Assurance / Collections & Recovery Operations with an organization of high repute 
*
*********** 
Career Abstract 
Management Profile 
Confident, dedicated professional with over 25 years of experience in Strategic Planning Collections & Recovery Credit Control 
Revenue Assurance 
Risk Management MIS / Budgeting Relationship Management Operations Training & Development 
Reporting & Documentation Business Development Vendor Management Deftness in managing business operations with focus on top-line & bottom-line performance and expertise in determining companys mission & strategic direction as conveyed through policies & objectives 
In-depth understanding of collection operations inclusive of planning recovery from clients against pending/ unpaid bills after providing advice on the various payment options Experience and expertise in ensuring optimal security of companys revenues and optimal prevention of fraud and leakages impacting companys financials Proficient in following recovery management through monitoring of collection, recovery process & Recovery through Legal action (Criminal & civil) from Demand Notice to Sec 138, Sec 406, 420, Sec 202 and 156 (3), Sec 17, Sec 9 & SARFASEI (Sec 13-2- Sec 14)thereby maximizing revenue generation & minimizing irrecoverable debts hard buckets cases. 
Highly successful in in mentoring and motivating individuals towards maximising productivity as well as in forming cohesive team environments. 
Strong problem solving & technical skills coupled with confident decision making for enabling effective solutions leading to high customer satisfaction and low operational costs Proficiency Forte 
Responsible for overall management of the following areas: client billing, Delinquency analysis & geographical analysis, and portfolio review with strong emphasis on revenue recognition. 
Resourceful in implementing result-oriented recovery plans to manage delinquency within pre-set norms for achieving organizational objectives and ensuring profitability. 
Reviewing delinquent accounts & portfolio to control recovery operations for delinquent customers and credit loss for CV/HV/HL/PL/LAP/TW etc. Enhancing recovery rates for continued profitability of business & ensuring efficient recovery techniques of processes 
Ensuring that the billing disputes for all retail and key accounts are resolved in time. 
Managing the entire functions including AV/CV and credit process postpaid and Prepaid, Collection Process, Cash Management, Service Restoration and dunning process, reduction in bad debts. 
Ensuring all CD / MACD request for any customer is completed before the next billing cycle Providing effective resolution to queries & improving relationships with customer by anticipating future requirements 
Conducting training sessions & providing regular update on the new policies to the employees Professional Experience 
Muthoot Housing Finance Limited : Since Sep14 
Heading the entire PAN INDIA Collections of overdue, Collection Operation, Vendor Management, Cash management, customers disputes, Assets recovery , Legal planning and of Affordable HL & LAP, Assets Management and People Management etc. 
Planning and Goal Setting 
Planning short term and long term Goals. 
Planning of vertical manpower and vendor requirement. 
Planning target incentive aligned with companys goal. 
Planning to reduce delinquency and bounces. 
Planning recovery and NPA reduction, assets recovery and disposal. 
Planning legal actions and process. 
Planning of low cost on recovery and legal. 
Analysis & review Company and team performance Target vs actual performance, weekly, monthly quarterly & annually. 
Portfolio and customer base analysis. 
Portfolio vs delinquency and action to recover the dues. 
PAN India, state wise, branch wise delinquency and NPA analysis. 
Customers disputes and customers service delivery analysis. 
Productivity analysis of team and vendors. 
Analysis of cost of recovery. 
Analysis of area wise and product wise productivity. 
Contributions 
Prepared Policies for collections, operations, cash management, vendor appointment & legal action. 
Total vertical set up in collections, operations, Legal and vendors across India. Developed online collection system, vendor management and receipt book management. 
Develop MIS system- collection & operation MIS system, daily and monthly and quarterly basis. 
Develop KPA & appraisal system for collection & legal department. 
Develop review system weekly, monthly quarterly performance. 
Input & Initiatives 
Initiate Risk parameters to reduce risk. 
Involvement in planning of expansion business like input for GEO limit, good area, cash rich belt, logistic issue area and negative area etc. 
Input to control revenue leakage. 
Bounce analysis- branch wise, segment wise, POS wise, product wise and channel wise. 
Input & recommendations in credit assessment to reduce defaults. 
Early default tracking and analysis. 
Reminder calling in Zero bucket customers. 
Souring channel and department wise delinquency analysis. 
Analysis of customers behavior of last 12 months and 18 months. 
Recommendations for retention of the existing delinquent customers in lower bucket. 
Outcome 
Delinquency reduction by 8.24% & improvement in bucket performance and reduction in bounces. 
Net NPA provision reduced. 
Rating improved. 
Zero fraud in my vertical. 
Early fraud and default filtration caused timely legal action. 
Assets recovery started. 
No case against the company. 
Bajaj Finance Limited, Ahmadabad as Regional Head: Mar11- Aug 14 Spearheading the entire Collection of TW/CV, Cash Management, Escalation Management, Stock Management and People Management, vendor Management 
Analyzing and monitoring the risk factors in filed and risk category and helping to building good portfolio by rendering advice to the sourcing team and implementing various techniques to control delinquency. 
Rendering support to sales team as a business enabler by controlling NPA and delinquency and setting up the target for recovery and monitoring as per guideline. 
Analyzing FEMI and NS and circulating learning to cross functions 
Overseeing the o Collections operations including TW/CV overdue collections of 90+ & write off, assets recovery, outsourcing In-house process and taking legal actions. 
o Loss reversal through hiring bucket collection and AFC collections to reduce cost of collections. 
o Handled North India , East India 6 Months, ( Kolkata, Bhuvneshwar & Assam ) and Western India and write off pool (prior to 2008) through centralized vendor. 
o Responsible for repossession and assets disposal through broker and vendor. 
o Responsible for litigation and legal recovery. 
o Responsible for recovery of loss on sale. 
Conceptualizing the Motivational Programs to increase collections. 
Appointing vendors and yards to manage stock. 
Noteworthy Contributions 
Recognized for receiving award by VP of Bajaj Auto Finance for improving the collection efficiency across India in first month for the year 2011 
Successfully implemented Central Agency in First Quarter to Control the delinquency and big process of 63 branches across UP and UT 
Distinction of initiating RO process through Arbitration U/Sec 9 and Sec 17 Played a key role in implementing stock disposal process by appointing channel partner 
Effectively implemented that reduced bad debts by 100 Lacs within 3 months Reliance Communications Ltd., Delhi as DGMRevenue Assurance (Credit and Collections): Jun09-Mar11 
Headed the entire Revenue Assurance Activity including prevention of revenue leakage, bill audit, Bill Tariff Audit, Rate plan audit, Handing of High Value customer, activation audit ect. 
Conceptualized strategies for meeting top-line and bottom-line objectives & client retention and Managed operations including Churn Management, Bill Delivery Process, Dunning Process, corporate and retail collection, Vendor Management, MIS and Team Management 
Developed and monitored revenue drop and put action plans. 
Accountable for monitoring TAT for various Revenue Assurance activities and process implementation 
Worked on Revenue Leakage detection and quality check processes. 
Addressed the resolution of escalated issues with the coordination of crosses functions. 
Looked after the processes for bill delivery, bill delivery confirmation, bill explanation, PTP dates, PTP follow-up, Issue resolution and escalation mechanism etc and monitor their implementation via daily / weekly/ cycle wise / monthly MIS. 
Accountable for designing timely incentives and contest for team to facilitate a spurt in collections as and when required Noteworthy Contributions 
Played key role in achieving top 3 in national ranking from bottom level Recognized for receiving Super Star Award in India for Best Collection efficiency in India May 2010. 
Took structured approach in monitoring System configuration changes and change management processes. 
Development Credit Bank, Mumbai as Associate V P (Western India & North India: Sep06-Jun09 
Responsible for handling the regional Collection Operations, overdue collection from X to write off and recovery through legal activity of CV/CE/PL/HL/LAP, meeting top-line and bottom-line objectives by implementation of business-driven strategies, Vendor Management, MIS, Legal Advisory and Team Management 
Noteworthy Contributions 
Recognized for receiving Award by o MD-DCB for Best Collection efficiency in India covering Delhi, Punjab and Rajasthan in Mar 2007. 
o MD-DCB for Best Regional Head in India for handling Mumbai, Maharashtra, Goa, Gujarat in Mar 2008. 
Acknowledged with a gold certificate for new initiative in Aug 08 for Customer Query resolutions. 
Took structured approach in controlling the delinquency of North region in first year 30+% delinquency to 2.02% approximately. 
Recognized for improving the recovery in Write off bucket in North Region in DCB history Instrumental in enforcing control over Non Performing Assets and NCL, by optimizing infrastructure, audit and redesigning policies, thereby decrease in NPA delinquency by 0.46%. Played a key role in handling delinquent Portfolio from X bucket to Charge Off Unsecured and Secured for DCB. Distinction of setting up o Collection Infrastructure in North and West o Agencies and vendors in North and West 
Vodafone, (ADIL - Rajasthan), Jaipur as Manager-Credit and Collections: Mar05-Sep06 
Handled the entire functions including Collection, Risk Management of Circle, CRM, Credit Control and Verification, Sales and Marketing, MIS and Team Management Demonstrated skills and abilities in leading collection team in two Zones of Rajasthan 
Udaipur and Jodhpur, to increase efficiency by Credit verification & profiling of customers, Credit monitoring, Complaint resolution for credit, billing and collection. 
Noteworthy Contributions 
Improved the collection operations across Udaipur (from 92% to 98%) and Jodhpur Zone (from 90% to 94%). 
Distinction of setting up a tele calling for credit monitoring as well as appointing three new agencies to meet growing demands. 
Revenue assurance by checking of billing rates, Billing Disputes, Bill Audit, activations, reconciliation between revenue, billing systems etc. and carrying out Surprise Branch Audit, Agency Audit. 
CHOLAMANDALAM INV & FIN LTD AHMEDABAD AS Dy. Manager 
Receivable: Oct 2003 to Feb 2005) Retail Asset collection, HV/CV, TW/CAR , TRACTOR Loans, strategic planning, meeting top-line and bottom-line objectives by implementing business-driven strategies, Vendor Management, MIS, monitoring, augmenting team performance, and Administration. 
Key Contributions: 
Appreciated by Chief Marketing Officer for lower delinquency and Team building efforts initiated. Lead team to achieve record breaking Collection drive till date in Ahmedabad Zone, and appreciated by Drastically reduced the pending collections cases in the automobile finance business: 
Tractor overdue from 92 approx to 7 in 9 months 
Two wheeler overdue from 376 cases to 100 approx in 6 months . 
Four wheeler overdue from 40 to 12 approx in 3 months Awarded by CMO of India for Team efforts and individual contribution in the year 2004 Vodafone, Fascel Limited Gujarat, Ahmadabad as Assistant Manager-Collection: Jul99-Sep2003 
Noteworthy Contributions 
Received You Can Make a Difference Awarded by COO in 2003. 
Improved the Collection efficiency of 103% which was highest ever in regions history (from most due level), in 2003. 
Distinction of increasing the retention by 20% by formulating of customer retentions policies jointly with customer service, profiling of the customers, Incentive plan for all collection staff and collection agencies, etc. 
Leveraged skills and abilities in the implementation of Comverse Prepaid System, BSCS Billing System, Mapping of Oracle Financials, and Activation process, Revenue Assurance. 
Singlehandedly handled the Prepaid Billing System of entire Gujarat 
Played a pivotal role in restructuring the complete collection policies in respect of S&D, resulting in reduction of Bad debts by than 3%. 
Previous Assignment MM94-Jul99 with APCO Industries Limited, Ahmadabad as Commercial Manager 
MM90-Jul94: Shakti Chemicals, KALOL, Baroda as Chief Accountant 
Professional Qualifications 
MBA (Finance) from IGNOU, Ahmadabad in 2001 
PGDBM from IGNOU, Ahmadabad in 2000 LL.B. from Gujarat University, Ahmadabad, 1991 B.Com. (Hons.) from Lucknow University in 1989 
Trainings Attended 
Winning Attitude of Successful Professionals 
Oracle Financials and VB 6 CRM Process 
Personal Details 
Date of Birth : 12th August, 1965 
Address : 04, 1st Floor, Basera Apartment, Nehru Park, Vastrapur Fuvara, Ahmadabad, Gujarat-380 015 Linguistic Abilities : English, Hindi, Gujarati and Rajasthani 
Current Location : Mumbai 
CTC : 30.00 Lacs 
Notice period : 3 Months. 
Expected CTC : Negotiable 
