 AMR MOHAMED EL-KHALAFY 
e-mail: 
a.mohd2010@yahoo.com contact: 055-6684536 050-3354763 
Personal Data: Date of Birth: 
10 MAY 1983 Nationality: Egyptian Religion: Muslim Marital Status: 
Married Gender: 
Male Visa Status: 
Residence Visa Other: 
Valid driving license 
Language Known: English & Arabic Career Objective: To obtain a position that allows me to utilize my skills and to expand my knowledge and interest in work. 
My Immediate Search: Seeking a position in the field of Sales and Marketing. 
My Core Strength: Enthusiastic and committed to all types of work initiatives. 
Ability to adapt to a fast changing work environment. 
Strong interpersonal, customer service and interviewing skills. 
Educational Qualification: University: Tanta, Kafer El-sheikh college 
Egypt 
Bachelor of Specific Education, Educational Technology 
Good, 2004 Professional Experience: 
Period: March 2015 Present 
Position: 
Sales corporate team leader Company: 
Al Fahim-Avenue Group, Dubai, United Arab Emirates Responsibilities: Create business proposals for new and existing opportunities. 
Play fundamental role in setting up new businesses; take responsibility for the effective on-boarding of new customers. 
Give a rundown of the level of competition and general market activities on a daily basis to the general manager. 
Give up-to-date information relating to customer activities. 
Serve as an agent in the company with a view to achieving budgeted sales within the country. 
Establish relationship with clients and provide high standard of customer service continually. 
Organize and arrange specified records and files in order to keep track of financial transactions. 
Period: Feb 2013 Jan 2015 Position: Back office representative Company: Etisalat (Visa Outsource to Tasc), United Arab Emirates Responsibilities: Assist and coordinate with sales and marketing teams. 
Conduct marketing research, document and report to the marketing department. 
Support sales staff in handling and documenting customer accounts. 
Correct discrepancies in customer account balances. 
Perform competitor product analysis and prepare reports. 
Period: Jan 2009 - Jan 2013 Position: Telesales and customer service representative B2B Company: 
Etisalat (Visa Outsource to Tasc), United Arab Emirates Responsibilities: Reporting to the Sales Manager. 
Achieve sales target and build customer base. 
To develop marketing strategies and programs in boosting the sales. 
To manage new and existing customers' accounts. 
Maintaining accurate record Offering the new promotions to the customers. 
Coordination of the connection channels between the customers and the offices. 
Follow up with the customers to confirm the quality of the products and speed of the delivery service Period: 
Jan 2008 to Jan 2009 Position: Receiving Officer Company: Al Foah Palm Company Responsibilities: Preparation of requirements. 
Receiving, storing, packing and controlling inventory. 
Selecting demands and Preparing and shipping materiel to satisfy customer demands. 
Coordination, receipt, custody and movement of all inwards and outwards materials through the joint movements organization for transport by air and surface modes. 
Acquisition of space on civil transport. 
Coordination of the use of ground support equipment. 
Coordination of air and road transport of dangerous cargo. 
Activating air load teams in support operations, and major joint and combined Services exercises. 
Establishing user requirements for spare parts and equipment needs. 
Determining the sitting/placement of materiel; Managing and auditing inventory accounts. 
TRAINING AND CERTIFICATIONS 
Computer Course: ICDL (International Computer Driving License) Egyptian American Center Photography and Video capture 
