 Kavita Tendulkar 
Permanent Add: Road No. 18, Plot No. 345 Jawahar Nagar Goregaon (w) Mumbai 400062 
Present Add: Flat No.9, Priyadarshani Apt 
R H 150, Near D Y Patil School, Shahu nagar, Chinchwad, Pune 
411019 
Mail: - tendulkar_kavita@rediffmail.com (mailto: tendulkar_kavita@rediffmail.com) / tendulkarkavita@gmail.com (mailto:tendulkarkavita@gmail.com) 
Phone No:- 
+91 9822368732 / 9969580276 PROFESSIONAL 
PROFILE:- 
Intend to build a career with leading corporate of Hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. Willing to work as a key player in challenging & creative environment 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE:- 
Worked with Credit Suisse Services (I) Pvt Ltd, Hinjewadi, Pune as Project Consultant Reconciliation Analyst (joined on 19th Aug, 2009 till Nov 2009) 
Worked with LCD Dept (Legal and Compliance Dept). 
Work mainly involves following the code of conduct and compliance policies. 
Checking different trade information submitted by employees. 
Trade Reconciliation. 
Preparing different report and escalating the work and reconciliation of the statements received from the employees and well as trade information. 
Trade executions and consult with the employees regarding their trades. 
Worked with Syntel Sourcing Pvt Ltd, Powai, Mumbai as Research and Finance Analyst (Financial Accounting) From October 2006 till May 2008.) 
Syntel is a global IT Leader and now they are into BPO business also. I was working at IMS West Process (US Process). 
Work profile as follows: 
Reconciliation of Books of Accounts of Investment manger and Custodian Banks. 
Reconciliation involves cash, Assets and Accruals. 
Reconciling Net Asset Value of the fund with account details provided by Bank. 
Reconciliation of Fund books with Bankbooks and Broker Cash. 
Escalation & Acquisition of concerned bank data 
Communication with client on various issues Cash reconciliation is done on daily basis to know the position of the cash balance 
at the end of day and to reverse the position if any account is overdrawn. 
Prelim Reconciliation are performed as per the Investment Managers requirements and on the preliminary or unaudited data provided by the custodians to the Investment Mangers for some audits purpose 
Monthly Reconciliation is final reconciliation including recons of asset accruals and month ending cash balance and Net asset Value for particular month on the audited and final data, Analyze and Compare the Net assets Value on an Analysis Tab. 
Providing personal remark on each reconciliation report based on in-depth analysis. 
Suggesting process improvements and sharing the same thru common database. 
Daily MIS reporting to the Operations Manager & Client. 
Researching the discrepancies of Cash, Holding & Accruals & Resolving it with custodian Bank. 
Download reports from Investment Manager Application & Website of Custodian Bank. 
Monthly reconciliation of Cash, Assets & Accruals for Investment Manager (IM) of Fixed Income 
Securities with custodian Bank 
Daily reconciliation of cash transaction to help IM to take right decisions while investing. 
Fund accounting and portfolio management. 
Researching the discrepancies and solving critical problem with custodian data Consulting with banks regarding problem in accounts and solving with it the help of custodian manager. 
Worked with Cable Corporation of India as Assistant To Vice President (works) and General Manager (Tech) and Technical Assistant in design department. (From December - 2004 to September 2006) CCI is the largest Cable-manufacturing group in India and it involves in different kind of cables such as rubber, PVC, XLPE cables 
Work Profile: - Processing of Cable Inquiries. 
Preparing Technical Data Sheets (TDS) Indent and Work Order handling and maintain the records in software4) Letter 
Correspondence with the clients and discussing the matter with seniors. 
Preparing purchase specifications. 
Maintaining ISO Quality Procedures and ISO Documents (ISO 9001 - 2000) Keeping proper records of IS procedures and different standards like IS, BIS, IEC etc. 
Proper records of documents in software system and manual both Corresponding the work with other departments. 
Back office work of Design Department like preparing design data when necessary. 
General Administration of the Design Department. ) Working out on different specification like design, marking, purchase related to design department. 
Assist planning to make budget plan and costing for the season and the year 
ISO 9001 Quality Management System. 
Preparing CAC & MCR Meetings. 
Making weekly report and analysis of Reports. 
Also worked with Companys Finance Dept and handling Fixed Deposit Section: 
Responsibilities:- 
Cheque payments. 
Preparing BPO?s Interacting with Depositors and normal correspondence with them. 
Maintaining COFAC Software which is designed for maintaining fixed deposit money records and interest payments to the depositors Looking after money transaction and VRS Payment of the employees 
Administration part of finance department. 
Discussing with Senior regarding Cash Flow and funds for making payments. 
Preparing Bank Statements. 
Helping seniors in making bank statements in software and analyzing Bank 
Reconciliation. 
Clearing Purchase Bill payments 
TDS Deduction and issuing TDS Certificate. 
PJV (Purchase General Voucher) of the Suppliers bills. 
Making bill clearance with help of Purchase Orders 
Keeping record of Purchase orders and Bills of Suppliers. 
Keeping software records of all data. Maintaining and updating it Updating service tax and sales tax entries from Bill Payments 
WORKED WITH SATYAN INSURANC SERVICES PVT LTD, ANDHERI, MUMBAI, INDIA, as a BACK OFFICE EXECUTIVE (From November 2003 to April, 2004) Work Profile:- 
Sending and preparing letter for different clients regarding our company's insurance policies. 
To know the different plans and policies of different insurance companies and consulting with senior executives regarding different plans. 
Collection of different period premiums and sending premium reminders to the clients. 
Preparing quotations and sending it to the customer and collecting information, data from different companies and send it to different insurance companies for the different quotations. 
Preparing for Group Scheme like GGS, GTC for different companies. 
Consult with the clients regarding different policies which are suitable to their requirements. 
Comparison of different insurance plans of various companies and give the client better plan suitable to his requirements. 
Preparing Vouchers and Cash Payments. 
Consulting with Marketing Personnel regarding their work and give them instructions about work and suggestions. 
Preparing Presentation for client's knowledge of different plans. 
Preparation of Data regarding Monthly report. 
Calculating the Commission received from different clients and companies. 
Proper Filing System of Work done and data required frequently. 
Petty Cash work System. 
Consulting with seniors regarding work and reporting of different work done Back office execution and administer the Marketing Executives and guiding those regarding different issues. 
16. Claim settlement of the clients and companies and preparing claim reports Worked with HINDUSTAN COSNTRUCTION CO LTD. FROM JAN 2000 to July 2003 AS JUNIOR OFFICER (Equipment Division) Work Profile:- 
Assisting Head of the Department in preparing annual / monthly budget Preparation of MIS for the various machineries of the site. 
Keeping and maintaining the Equipment records. 
Monitoring and compliance of ISO procedures and records. 
Costing Analysis of various Mechanical and Electrical Equipments. 
Keeping Month wise records of Equipments in FoxPro system. 
Reporting the findings of monthly reports to Head of the Department. 
Working for the Tunnel Project Specially designed to bore the tunnel by the Tunnel Boring Machine (3.6 Dia). Record keeping of TBM by ISO Procedures.(ISO 9001 : 2000 and ISO 14001 ) 
Preparing Allocable cost sheets, preliminary expenses, reporting cost budgets and actual plans for the costing. 
Work on activity based costing, which is based on cost codes, andclassifying the cost according top the division wise expenditure and activity wise expenditure. Preparing Allocable cost sheets, preliminary expenses, Reporting cost budgets and actual plans for the costing. 
EDUCATION:- 
Course / Qualification Year of passing Board / Institute % or Grade 
Completed MBA Ist group from ICFAI 2002 
ICFAI 
Graduated in Economics 1998 
Mumbai University 60% 
H S C S S C 1995 1993 
Mumbai University Pune Board 65.17% 
74% PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION:- 
Area / Technology Period working Areas of skill 
SAP-ABAP Certificate ID No.0005939810 SAP NetWeaver04 Application Development Focus ABAP. 
Jul-08 to Sep-08 OOPS Technology 
BAdIs and BAPIs 
ALVs 
Dialog Programming / R3 structures. 
LDBs 
Enhancements (user exits and Function module exits) ABAP Data Dictionary 
ABAP workbench 
Authorization checks and search helps. 
Key and Indexes Error Handling. 
Select Statements 
C & C++ 
Certified in C & C ++ from SSI Mumbai in 2001. 
OOPS, Polymorphism, Encapsulation, Inheritance, String Handling, Structures, Exception Handling. 
PERSONAL DETAILS:- 
Date of Birth : 29.08.1978 
Nationality 
: Indian 
Marital status : Married 
Current CTC 
: INR 350000 per annum (Gross) Nature of Current job: - : permanent 
Remuneration expected: - : Negotiable 
Notice period 
: - : Within a week Holding valid passport: - : J 9248918 
Name: Kavita R Tendulkar Place: Mumbai 5 
