Nico Fabian Nara Street 460 Mabiga, Mabalacat Phone: 09176519779 
E-Mail: nico.fabian85@gmail.com 
[NF] Objective 
Adaptable and hard working senior marketing officer with experience in management, public relations, teaching, writing, SEO and graphic design, looking to apply my abilities, experience and bi lingual skills towards any suitable position within your company. 
Experience 
Ascolin Insurance: Senior Marketing Officer March 2015 - Present Contribute to the planning, development, and implementation of marketing strategies to meet company objectives. Implementing marketing plans and projects for new and existing products or services. 
Responsible for producing all marketing collaterals, online & social media marketing, print advertising, website blogging and newsletters. Also tasked to maintain client relations, administration, accounts and managing office staff. 
Support the market research activities to determine market requirements for existing and future products and services of the company and to implement marketing plans and alterations as needed. Contribute to the strategic planning of an annual or long-term marketing plan to drive forward agreed company objectives. 
Conducts different data or statistical analysis and client understanding to be used in developing marketing campaigns for clients and prospects, creating product offer, product development and pricing. Analyze such metrics to relate results with marketing plans in support of overall business objectives and business solutions. 
Implement marketing plans and projects for new and existing products or services Manage the productivity of the marketing plans and projects Monitor, review and report marketing activities and results Report and Analyze key performance metrics of marketing campaigns on all channels. Ensures effective control of marketing results and that corrective action takes place to be certain that the achievement of marketing objectives are within designated budgets. Perform other activities assigned from time to time. 
2 Let s Talk English Academy: Senior ESL Teacher February 2014 January 2015 Online and face to face teaching of students from various age brackets. Planning, preparing and delivering lessons to all students. Assessing, recording and reporting on the development, progress and attainments of each student. Managing and training of junior teachers. Freelance Online Writer April 2013 February 2014 Provided content for a variety of websites and blogs for SEO purposes. 
Education 
University of The Cordilleras: Mass Communications September 2012 March 2015 Bachelors degree in mass communications majoring in writing. 
Grafisch Lyceum Rotterdam: Graphic Design & Multimedia September 2006 September 2008 Trained in designing using CAD or image manipulation software such as; Adobe Illustrator, Photoshop, Lightroom, Aperture etc. As well as video editing software such as; Final Cut Pro. 
Skills 
Fluency in Dutch, English, Tagalog and basic French and German. 
Interpersonal communication 
Strong written and verbal skills Team player 
Analytical Problem solving 
Strong work ethic Creative Independent 
Time management 
Organized Deadline oriented 
