 Noor Afza 
Mobile: +971 568661183; Email: moinafza@gmail.com 
Linked In: https://in.linkedin.com/in/noor-afza-b5a78a126 
Career Objectives: 
Obtaining a suitable position in an organization with a strong vision where I will be allowed to pursue my passion for Marketing and make valuable contributions to the organization . 
Key Projects & Clients served : 
Activations, scheduling and launching digital advertising campaigns by using ad servers in a timely and accurate manner, managing campaign execution services for reputed clients like New 
Y ork & Company , Barclay Cards, ADS , Kiehl's, Lan cme, Disney. 
International Hotel Groups EStatement & Mini Estatement . 
Global Hurdle, BMW 
North America , Mini USA & Financial Services. 
Yahoo 
India, France & UK. 
Jaguar, Land Rover and TCM . 
Professional Experience 
Theorem India Pvt. Ltd., Mysore, India http://www.theoreminc.net/ 
Designation: Client Service Analyst 
Period: April 201 5 to August 2016 
Company Profile: 
One of the leading Digital Marketing & Advertising C ompany with clientele based across the globe. 
Key Responsibilities / Accountabilities: 
Assets available in sales force/File zilla/Ally 
Creating static and dynamic campaigns & Messages content for templates by adding images, tracking URL, body content and delivering campaigns. 
Building up the campaigns by fetching the RSS feeds and deploying to the users and keeping track of all the landing pages report for Yahoo email campaigns. 
Creating or setting up of Automation templates and recurring mailings for ADS, BMW, Jaguar and Landrover clients. 
Creation of A/B test mailings for Subject line, From Address, Scheduling time and different templates/ content blocks testing with different images and body contents. 
Creating social media networks for many brand pages with facebook, twitter, instagram, google plus, youtube & Pintrest channels. 
Testing the ads in all browsers for sizmek account. 
Deploying the campaigns by targeting the attributes of the subscribers. 
Efficiently working on RUSH and SUPER RUSH campaigns wi th high priority and importance. 
Fetching reports such as failure reports, 2 day deployment, 7 day deployment and 3 View reports. 
Performing various reporting duties which include post deployment tracking and monitoring of email campaigns, managing number of email openers and clickers, Conversion . 
Testing, monitoring click through rates per campaign, website activity, etc. 
Designation: Campaign Management Specialist 
Period: January 2014 to March 2015 
C 
AREER 
Summary: 
A versatile and results-oriented IT Professional with 5 years experienced in Online Media Operations 
Proficient at managing work & leading team for running successful process & maintaining quality of work and TAT as per the client requirements . 
Respected team leader with proficiency in technology, critical thinking, troubleshooting, problem analysis and training & development. 
Joined as Campaign Management specialist in Marketing & Advertising industry including experience in Quality Assurance and currently designated as Client Service Analyst . Maintained excellent client relationships as well as excellent working relationship within the Unit. Possess excellent technical, leadership, communication and organizational skills. 
C 
ORE 
Competency 
Social media Campaigns 
SEO (On Page off Page Optimization) 
Monthly Newsletters 
Campaigns for Non-Responders 
Database and List building Scheduling 
Ads Operations 
Project Management 
Client Relationship Management 
Planning and Organising Skills 
Managing SEM campaigns . 
Creating blogs . 
Applying on-page titles, meta descriptions and image alt tags . 
Performing off-page tasks such as directory and citation submission . 
Compiling monthly report data on traffic and rankings . 
Identifying area for on-site improvements in site structure, internal linking and content . 
Performing Keyword research and build lists of targeted key phrases. 
Site submission from Google and 
B ing web master tools. 
Identifying 
the Page ranks, Links popularity and landing pages. 
Designation: Campaign Management Specialist 
Period: June 2012 to December 201 
3 
Collect creative assets (gif, jpg, text link, flash, newsletter, Poll, and 3rd Party rich media tags) and correctly implement with Macro . 
Setting up new campaigns, monitor and report on Ad serving tool. 
Managing trafficking, optimising and reporting the Ad campaigns. 
Managing all ad campaign optimization in consultation with clients . 
Compare the delivering report with 3rd party delivery report . 
Tracking conversion rates and making improvements to the website . 
Testing all Ad creatives for compliance. 
Sending the screen grab to the clients when ad live in the site . 
Monitoring campaigns to ensure delivering on target . 
Executed, Managed and coordinate all Digital 
M arketing & Advertising jobs programs through partnerships with - Digital Marketing Tools 
Face Book 
Campaign setup, Reporting and analysis Epsilon Dream & Dream mail tool Setting up campaigns, Reporting and analysis Google 
Ad words Display and search advertising. Reporting and analysis tools 
Exact Target 
Setting up campaigns, Reporting and analysis Google Analytics 
Site level tracking. Campaign tracking Post Future 7 Setting up campaigns and analysis 
StrongView/ Selligent 
Setting up campaigns, hosting and de bug Reports 
Salesforce 
Ticketing tool (CRM) for technical support assign, transfer tickets, Que management Filezilla 
Download assets from server and hosting paths 
Welcome Campaigns 
Re-Engagement Campaigns to win subscribers attention 
C 
ORE 
Competency 
(contd.) 
Docu mentation/add-ons to client Time Management 
Resource Utilisation 
Technical Troubleshooting 
Training and Development 
Liaison/Cross Functional Coordination 
ACADEMICS : 
MBA. (Master of Business Administration in Marketing ) | Karnataka State Open University, Mysore, India 2015 
B.Sc. (Bachelor of Science) 
| Mysore University, St. Philomenas Degree College, Mysore, India 
2012 TRAININGS : 
Certified on 
D igital marketing - SEO (On page and Off page Optimization), Ad Words , Google Web Master tools and Social media Operations. 
Email Marketing 
Social media marketing 
IT Proficiency: 
Dream email tool Dream weaver Photoshop 
Ad operations Exact target tool 
HTML MS Office 2000, XP, 2003 & 2007 SEO 
Strong view tool Google Analytics 
Social Networks 
PERSONAL Dossier : 
Date of birth: 3 rd 
August, 1990 
Nationality: Indian 
Marital status: Married 
Visa status: Resident visa (husband sponsored) 
[Type here] 
