 Salman M. Shaikh 
Flat no-3, G- Building, Suryoday Complex, Kalbhor Nagar, Chinchwad Pune -411019 
Email: - salmanwithsmile@gmail.com Mobile: - +91 9028662621 
Objective: 
To associate with an organization in Information Systems Industry, which is progressive and gives me a chance to quench my quest for knowledge and enhance my skills in the state of art technologies and be a part of the team that excels in work towards the growth of the organization and gives me satisfaction thereof. 
Technical Expertise 
Operating system: Windows, Linux, Ubuntu, Unix 
Hardware: Modems, Network Cards, Memory, Printers, Routers, Switches, Hubs, Laptops, Scanners & Other Peripherals Etc. 
Languages: C,C++, Java, PHP, DS,HTML/CSS. 
Network/protocols: LAN/WAN, TCP/IP, DNS, DHCP, POP3, SMTP, FTP, VPN, IMAP, Ethernet. 
Database: MySQL, SQL, RDBMS 
Areas of Interest: 
Desktop Maintenance. 
Solving issues regarding software & Network. 
Solving Network Issues and Network Configuration 
Solving Software Problems. 
Installation of RHEL, CentOS, Windows, Booting Process. 
Troubleshooting of Linux/ Windows Services. 
Linux Utilities. 
Additional Qualifications 
Hardware (A+) & Networking (N+) 70 % Maharashtra State Certificate in Information Technology (MS-CIT) 
69 % Qualification Highlights 
Degree Subject College University Year of passing Percentage 
M.Sc. Computer Science 
Pratibha College University of Pune 2016 64.11 % 
B.Sc. 
Computer Science Pratibha College University of Pune 2013 61.61 % H.S.C. 
Science Smt. Godavari College 
Maharashtra Board Pune 2010 63.33 % S.S.C. General 
Smt. Godavari College 
Maharashtra Board Pune 2008 81.84 % Extra-Curricular Activities: 
Participations Participated in Seed It Idol held in 2012 by SEED Infotech , Pune Played Basketball for the school team. 
Have Participated 1 Months Free Workshop on Software Testing 
project 
Details:- 
Topic:-Courier Management System 
Operating System Linux 
Front End Java 
Back End MySQL 
Team Size: Two 
Description: Project completed under Linux Platform using Language Java System based on Java technology. Project has functions like Sending Courier, Tracking Status, Updating Details, Paying Bills, etc. 
Personal Information: 
Date of Birth : 13th June 1991. 
Marital Status : Unmarried 
Nationality : Indian. 
Languages Known : English, Hindi, and Marathi. 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 
Date: 
Place: Pune (Salman M. Shaikh) 
