CURRICULAM VITAE SATHI A.K # 215, 6 C Main 10th Cross, H.M.T Layout 
R.T.Nagar post 
Banglore-560032 Mob: 9739329403 
E-mail: sathi_ak@yahoo.com OBJECTIVE: 
Aspiring the challenges assigned in the field , where an opportunity exists for skill and the task are challenging to upgrade my knowledge for the improvement of organization and self as well. Also to become responsible sought after professional by working efficiently and extending my sincere service to the company in which I am employed. 
QUALIFICATION: 
Diploma in Electronics & Communication 
COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE: 
MS Technologies : MS Word, MS Excel, MS Office, MS Access, Internet. 
Programming Language : C, C++. 
EXPERIENCE: 
Optym 
Talent Acquisition Manager March 2016 
Present 
Working as a Talent Acquisition Associate for global staffing needs of Optym. 
Liaison between hiring manager and internal and external candidates for open positions 
Executing the entire gamut of task in recruitment and selection encompassing sourcing, screening, short-listing, lining them up for interviews & HR round . 
Using all methodologies of sourcing like Head hunting, Networking, Employee Referrals and Rehire. 
Experience in Social Media Hiring and Boolean/String Searches & Talent Mapping 
Updating candidate records and job postings in Applicant Tracking Systems. 
Planning & coordinating interview drives on a specified date. 
Regular meeting with the Hiring Managers to discuss the details about the requirements and about their hiring plan. 
Working on the sourcing plans for recruitment, referral schemes, vendor management etc. Involve in market analysis to provide inputs to delivery and to the client regarding current market scenario and suggest alternate ways to successfully full fill the positions when faced with challenges. 
Tech Networks Technical Recruiter 
June 2012- 
Dec 2015 Was working on multiple IT requirements across US 
Worked mostly on W2 
Was working mostly on storage requirements 
Short-listing the candidates matching the desired job requirements. 
Responsible for making calls to applicants and explained in detail about the job requirements 
Supported Australian IT recruitment for couple of months as a Candidate Manager. 
Aditi Technologies: 
Technical Recruiter 
June 2011- Feb 2012 Was working with Verizon telecom and Business and was submitting candidates through a VMS Portal. Has worked with field glass. 
Resume formatting and dubbing, recruit best possible candidate, lock them on rate verbally and immediately after an email confirmation (Authorization Email from candidate) and then submitting to the client 
Worked mostly on W2. 
Worked on positions multiple positions like .Net Developer, Java J2EE Developers, Oracle and SQL DBAs, OBIEE Architects, Project and Product Managers, Business Anlaysts, QAs, and Network Engineers, TEK systems (Allegis Group) 
Nov-2009 - May 2011 Sourcing Executive 
Responsibilities: 
o Ascertaining manpower requirements and screening and short listing resumes for sourcing quality candidates within the least time. 
Sourcing & Screening of candidate profile to shortlist candidate for the personal interview; Job Posting. 
Short-listing the candidates matching the desired job requirements & Scheduling for appropriate initiatives. 
Regular follow-up with the candidate and POC (Point of Contact). 
Preparing & managing MIS (Management Information System) of the employee database and regular updates. 
Maintaining & sending Daily, Weekly and monthly tracker to manager. 
Responsible for making calls to applicants and explained in detail about the job requirements. Worked mostly on W2, sound knowledge of C2C and 1099. 
Understand and qualify client requirements and find/match candidates against those requirements. 
Ensuring that candidates start on time by keeping in daily contact with them. 
Excellent independent judgment and initiative are required in making decisions in accordance with the Company approved policies and procedures Recruitment of individuals for contract employment, Attaining monthly quota of submittals. 
Was supporting requirements for Tampa ,FL office. Where I was getting requirements from multiple clients. was working on Infrastructure and IT Requirements 
Worked on requirements like .Net, Java, Oracle, SQL, SAP, LAMP Developers, Tandem, Mainframe Developers and Infrastructure Requirements such as Avaya Engineers, VOIP technicians, Network Security Engineers, Switch, Alarm, CCTV Technicians, CCCIE/CCVP Professionals, System Administrators, Exchange Administrators etc Received Star performer awards for two quarters consistently 
AOL 
SR Costumer Care Consultant Aug-2006 - June 2009 STRENGTHS: 
Adaptability and Commitment to Work, self-satisfaction, Hardworking, Effective interpersonal & Communication Skills. Ability to deal with people diplomatically, Willingness to learn & Team Facilitator. 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 
Fathers Name : A.S 
Kochugovindan 
Date of Birth : 27/12/1985 
Sex : Female 
Marital Status : 
Married 
Languages Known 
: English, Kannada, Hindi, & Malayalam 
I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is correct to the best of my Knowledge. 
Place: Bangalore. 
Date: (SATHI A.K ) 
