 SUTHA DURAISAMY 
Mobile: +919688924631 
E-mail: sutha_durai@yahoo.com 
Location: Chennai, India. 
Professional Objective 
To pursue a challenging and creative career that includes the possibility to learn new skills and abilities. To be part of an organization that promotes team effort and provides opportunity for value based growth 
Experience Summary 
Working as an SEO | SEM | SMO Specialist with Confidential. 
SEO Report Creation. 
Email Marketing and Planning. 
Monitoring of sites and portals on a regular basis. 
A Software professional having 4 Years of experience in various phases of SDLC. 
Proficient in Development, Implementation, Web based and Windows based applications. 
Proficient in Development, Implementation, Web based and Windows based applications. 
A Computer Programmer using Microsoft .Net Technologies 
Proficient in Requirement analysis and Business logic implementation. 
Work Experience 
Having experience in the field of SEO (On-page, Off-page Optimization & Link building). 
Worked as a Software Developer in BAS Computers Chennai. (November 2009 June 2013). 
Previous working is Field Investigator, NSSO (FOD), Govt of India Chennai 
(June 2013 July 2014). 
Currently working as an Auditor in Nielsen Pvt Ltd (Marketing Research) 
India -Chennai - (July 2014 
Till Date) Skill Set 
Specialized in -SEO | SMO | SEM | Adwords | Email Marketing 
Operating System -Windows XP/Vista/Windows 7 
Languages - C# 2.0, 3.5 Server Side Technologies 
- ASP.Net 2005, 2008 
Client Side Technologies 
- JavaScript Markup Languages - HTML 
Frameworks 
- .NET Framework 2.0, 3.5 IDE - Visual Studio 2005, 2008 
RDBMS - SQL Server 2005 SEO Skills 
SEO Tools : Xenu sitemap, Robo-Form, Google Adwords, Google Analytics, Webmaster Tool, Word Tracker, Website Gradder, Visible.net and etc. 
Site Analysis: Complete technical report of the website. The report includes onpage and offpage factors of the website. 
On-page Knowledge: Knowledge of Alt tags, Title tag, Anchor text, Meta Description, Meta Keywords, Keyword Research, Image Optimization, Content Optimization, Sitemap (HTML & XML), HTML validation and etc. 
Content Analysis: Reviewing the content, Special focus on checking for keyword density, keyword prominence and proximity. 
Off-page Knowledge: Social bookmarking Submission, Directory Submission, Blog Submission, Blog Posting, Guest post, Business Listing, Profile Link, Article Submission, Comment Posting, Article formatting, Forum posting, 2-way link exchange, 3-way link exchange, Slide share, Video submission etc. 
Social Networking: Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, Myspace, Google Plus etc. 
SEO Software: WebCEO, SEO Administrator, Xenu sitemap (working knowledge). 
Professional Experience 
Project: 
The aim of project is maintaining the customer's orientation details. We maintain the AMC details for each customer. We load the purchase order details. We maintain the sales order details for each customer. Company Cash maintain details and bank process. Service entry details. 
Educational Qualification 
MCA (62.47%) completed in Madurai kamaraj University, Madurai. Education in the year 2009. 
B.B.A (50.20%) completed from Madurai Kamaraj University, Madurai, Education in the Year 2002. 
HSC (58.41%) completed from H.N.U.P.R Higher secondary School, Nilakkottai, Education in the year 1999. 
SSLC (65%) completed from H.N.U.P.R Higher secondary School, Nilakkottai, Education in the year 1997. 
