 RESUME SANDHYA SHASHIKANT MUDGAL 
Mobile: +91 9130966068 
Email: sandhyamudgal918@gmail.com (mailto:sandhyamudgal918@gmail.com) 
Career Vision 
Aspiring for a growth oriented career in Design & Costing with an organization of repute. 
Professional Snapshot 
Currently working with Cabinet System & Control Pvt Ltd, Pune as a Trainee Engineer. 
Over 1.1 year experience in Design & Costing. 
Experience in Design of Control Panel. 
Experience in Costing of Panel. 
Having good exposure on Auto-Cad. Good academic career. 
Having good knowledge of E-Plan. 
Skill Set 
Software Tools 
AutoCAD, E-plan etc. 
Others MATLAB, Keil, MS Office etc. 
Educational Qualification 
Qualification/Degree University/Institute Aggregate Percentage Year of Passing. 
B.E. (Electrical) 
Shivaji University 81.75% 2015 
Diploma (Electrical) Government Polytechnic, Kolhapur 81.94% 2012 10th Class Padmaraje Girls High school, Kolhapur 86.00% 2009 Experience 
Duration: Aug 2015 to Till Date. 
Organization: Cabinet System & Control Pvt. Ltd. 
Role: Trainee Engineer (Design & Costing Engineer) 
Description: 
Control panel design activity: Preparation of General Arrangement Diagram, single line Diagram, Power Circuit and Control Circuit Diagram & Bill of Materials. Involved co-ordination with production team to complete the projects. Develop the design of Electrical Control Panel as per the customers requirement. Plan and carry out activities to agreed timescales. Prepare the costing as per the Design developed. Taking approvals for the Design & the Costing as well. 
Responsibilities: 
Develop technical Construction Specification. 
Reduce product cost and improve design performance. 
Record production details of small & large projects. 
Record all Communication with clients. 
Revise & conclude incoming Request for Quotation (RFQ) Develop & manage Customer Relationship. 
Submit Request for Quotation (RFQ) to clients. 
Achievements and Extra Curricular Activities 
Secured 5th Rank in Shivaji University at Engineering. 
Secured 1th Rank in Collage at Engineering. 
Secured 2th Rank in Collage at Diploma Level. 
Participated in events Organized by Association of Electrical Engineers 
A national Level Techno Management fest coordinator- 23rd-24th Feb 15. 
2nd SGI HR Summit 2014 coordinator- 7th Jan 14. 
Personal Details 
Name: 
Sandhya S. Mudgal 
Address: Len No. 7, Shri Ram Society, Chandan Nagar Bypass, Pune-411014 
Date of Birth: 
5th March 1994. 
Nationality: Indian 
Passport No: 
N2325600 (Place of Issue: Pune) 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is true to best of my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars. 
Date: Place: Pune (SANDHYA MUDGAL) 
