 Mary Anthony 
C/o Mira Nair, Sr.No 37/2,Flat no 2, Dhankawadi -43 
Email-veronicamary85@gmail.com Date:- 
Dear Sir/Madam, I wish to apply for the Post of Feature Writer/Editor/Fashion writer 
My enclosed resume provides you with an overview of my relevant experience and training. 
I have 3 yrs experience in HR and Administrative Environment. My most recent post has been working as a Content Writer with Buzzle for 8 months. Im making a fresh start with my passion for writing, I have a Diploma in Freelance Journalism from All India Freelance Journalist Association. 
Currently Im a Fashion & Lifestyle Blogger with my own label Beautilicious Freak. Also I do paid posts for brands as a Social Influencer. 
I wish to build on these achievements and take on a Creative role in this field. 
Id be delighted to discuss my application further with you. 
Looking Forward to Hearing from You. 
Yours Sincerely, Mary Anthony 
Mary Anthony 
Fashion & Lifestyle Blogger, Human Resource Management & Administrative Experience 
General Summary 3 + years of total experience in Administration environment. 
Possess positive attitude with superior interpersonal, organizational, and communication skills. 
I excel in computer literacy and most all software programs including Word, Excel, Power Point, Microsoft Office, and Windows. 
I am proficient in a multi line phone system and very comfortable in a busy office setting. 
Most of the employment that I procured was through temporary agencies. 
Versatile, dedicated, and reliable, with a commitment to excellence. 
Able to profitably contribute to an organization. 
Detailed oriented efficiency expert, consistently sought out to review and provide input on a wide range of company initiatives with the goal of reducing cost and improving company profit. 
Trustworthy and safe keeper of anything personal or business related. 
Effective problem-solver. 
Organize team player. 
Manager like Qualities (MIS) 
Planning, Implementation, Training. 
MS office 2000 ( Word/ Excel/PowerPoint/Outlook) Internet Explorer (Internet) 
Proven experience of ability to write/generate ideas on brand and for a target reader/customer. Ability to write engaging commercial and creative copy that is on brand. 
Proven ability to write to a tight brief/word count/deadline. 
Ideally will have some digital experience and commercial nous or be versatile and quick to learn. 
Experience liaising with people from different backgrounds/disciplines. 
Good time-management skills. 
Ability to cope well under pressure. 
Good multi-tasker. 
Take responsibility for own workload. 
Clear communicator. 
Self-starting. 
Professional Trainings 
Maharashtra State Level IT Certificate, MSCIT, 2007. 
All India, Freelance Journalist Association, Chennai, Diploma in Modern Journalism, 2005. 
Alliance Francaise De Poona, Elementary Level French Course, 2004. 
Education 
M.B.A [HR], Indira Gandhi Open University Pune. 
M.A. Economics, Pune University, Pune, Year 2007. 
B.A. Economics, Fergusson College, Pune, Year 2005. 
Creative Writing Work Experience 
The Asian Herald 11th October to Present 
Post- Freelance Fashion & Lifestyle Journalist 
Writing lifestyle features content online. 
Writing news articles related to fashion, lifestyle, interior, and food for the news portal from scratch. 
Editing and Proofreading content once written. 
Writing, editing and proofreading copy. 
Proof reading, editing and writing content on a regular basis for building up the websites reputation. Keeping up with the latest Beauty, Fashion, & Lifestyle trends. 
Beautilicious Freak, Pune 1st March 2014 to Present 
Post 
Fashion Blogger / Journalist /Brand Influencer 
Responsibilities & Achievements 
Maintaining and updating my Fashion Blog Beautilicious Freaks http://beautiliciousfreak.com (http://beautiliciousfreak.com) http://beautiliciousfreaks.blogspot.in (http://beautiliciousfreaks.blogspot.in) 
Articles featured on MODE LAB Online Fashion Magazine http://www.modelabmag.co.vu/search/label/autor%3A%20mary%20anthony (http://www.modelabmag.co.vu/search/label/autor%3A%20mary%20anthony) Lucky Magazine Contributor 
Registered Member of Bloggers Programmme U.K. 
Fashion Collaborational Articles for Mallzee, Wowcracy Vogue Talents, KOH Magazine, Wear Eponymous 
Professional Work Experience 
Buzzle, Pune 15th Aug 2014 to 1st May 2015 
Post 
Content Writer 
Responsibilities 
Writing web content for website from scratch. 
Editing and Proofreading content once written. 
Writing, editing and proofreading copy. 
Proof reading, editing and writing content on a regular basis for building up the websites reputation. 
Sakaal Publications, Pune 15th Jan 2008 to 31st Jan 2009 Post Junior Executive 
Responsibilities 
Contracted to make outbound and receive inbound calls from customers. 
I completed incident reports in Microsoft Word. 
Maintained comment and download logs in Microsoft Excel. 
Some of my other responsibilities included data entry and writing service orders. 
Responsibilities are as follows issuing and receiving payment and dividends by way of cash register, customer service. 
Also, I was responsible for processing the financial acquisitions for deposit. 
Keeping records for deposits on ledgers, slips, and adding machine tape, mail distribution. 
Handled multiple phone line telephone inquiries, and other administrative duties such as typing operations documents, attendance, disciplinary, offense/incident reports in Microsoft Word. 
Photo-copied, faxed and filed employee documents. 
Managed office operation and resolved complaints. 
Scheduled appointment. 
Greet visitor and ascertained nature of business. 
Collected and distributed mail and messages. 
Maintaining a neat and organized Reception area. 
Assisting and overseeing other fellow supervisors when needed. 
Sinhgad Technical Education Society, Lonavala 
15th Jan 2005 to 31st Oct 2007 Post- Junior Clerk 
Responsibilities 
Worked directly with President and Senior Vice President of Operations on all their administrative needs. 
Worked directly with Owner/CEO on administrative needs. 
Duties include and are not limited to; switchboard operator of a computerized phone system. 
Open / close front office, distribution of incoming mail, maintain employee records including sick time and vacation hours. 
Type employee memos, set up interviews, data entry of overstock inventory, fax temporary employee work hours and reconcile invoices from staffing agencies. 
Create excel spreadsheets and forms for all departments, process and distribute sales quotations. 
Assisted various departments when needed, Report to H.R. manager. 
Interact with all personnel on all levels and in all departments. 
Worked directly with vendors to keep all office equipment up-to-date and running smoothly. 
Worked directly with building management to resolve any issues with office space. 
Kept all office supplies in stock. 
Sales Representative SBI Bank Credit Cards 
April 2002 to June 2002 Post- Sales Representative 
Personal Details 
Date of Birth : 
8th November 1983 Fathers Name : 
Address : C/o Mira Nair, Plot no 37/2, Flat No 2, Dhankawadi Pune-43 
Email : 
veronicamary85@gmail.com (mailto:veronicamary85@gmail.com) 
beautiliciousfreaks@gmail.com 
Contact No. : +91-9921087483 
Nationality : 
Indian 
Status : Unmarried. 
Declaration: 
I vouch that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge & belief. 
Place: 
Date: 
(Mary Anthony) 
