 Meghani Majumdar 
Cell: +91 8017702215 
E-Mail: madiba_00@yahoo.com 
My mission is to acquire and accomplish challenging assignments in the Field of Designing and Development with the best use of my capabilities and innovation and contribute towards organization vision. 
Career Overview 
- Result oriented professional with over 4 years of experience in Graphic Designing and Production. - Presently Associated with Utsav Fashion Pvt. Ltd as Celebrity & Graphic Designer Since Sept 2013. 
o 
Job Role: Designing graphics for E - Commerce for online sale and garment perfection and to coordinate with the model for the shoots. - 
Previously Associated with Washington Bangla as Photographer since Feb 2012 to Jan 2013. 
o 
Job Role: Movie Promotion, Event Capturing - Started Career with Assure Digital as Sound Engg. And Graphic Designer since Feb 2011 to Jan 2012 o 
Job Role: Creating caller tunes for telecom brands, Designing Movies Banner & Poster - Good and logical understanding of E-commerce, Production and Advertisement Industry. 
Skills Summary - Hands on experience in Photoshop, Corel Draw, Free Hand, Illustrator, PageMaker - Proficient knowledge in Sound forge, Final Cut Pro - Expertise in Photography - Good knowledge in Storyboard, Website Designing, HTML5 and CSS3 - MAC OS, Windows OS, MS Office Technical Know-How - Languages 
HTML, CSS, JAVASCRIPT - Tools 
PHOTOSHOP, DREAMWEAVER, - Operating Systems 
MS Windows XP / Vista / 7 / 8 / 
Linux - Employment Highlights 
Since Sept 2013 with Utsav Fashion Pvt. Ltd as Celebrity & Graphic Designer. 
About the Company 
Utsav Fashion (www.utsavfashion.com) is a global online market leader in Indian Ethnic Fashion. The Utsav Fashion journey began in the year 2000, with the opening of our first wholesale and retail outlet in Jaipur, India. After the success of this store, Utsav Fashion launched its online store in 2003, and ever since, has grown and set new standards for customer delight every passing day. 
- Project No.1: E-commerce website model portfolio development - Client: All India Vendors and Buyers - Duration: Shooting, Editing and Delivery in 3 days - 
Tools Used: Photoshop and FCP Roles and responsibilities: 
Involved in photography 
Designed banner and poster - Project No.2: Event Photography for Online Media - Client: Fortis Hospital Description: 
Shoot still photos and Videography for different occasions based on clients requirement. 
Roles and responsibilities: Involved in photography and videography - Project No.3: Developing dialer tone for telecom company 
- Client: Assure Digital Private Limited - Tools Used: Sound forge 
Description: 
Develop dialer tones for different telecom companies like Aircel, Vodafone, Airtel and Reliance using Sound forge software. 
Roles and responsibilities: Developing dialer tones Academic Credentials 
Year Examination 
Institute/ College/ School Board/University Grade 2014 PGDIA Jadavpur University 
Jadavpur University 
A 
2013 
B.Sc in Multimedia 
Brainware Comuter Academy Punjab Technical University A+ 
2010 
Diploma in Multimedia Brainware Comuter Academy 
Brainware Comuter Academy 
A 
2009 HS (Standard XII) 
State Board Madhya Pradesh Sanskrit Board B 
2007 Madhyamik (Standard X) State Board Madhya Pradesh Sanskrit Board 
A 
Personal Details 
Name: Meghani Majumdar 
Father's Name: Gopan Majumdar 
Age: 27yrs 
Gender: FEMALE Email: madiba_00@yahoo.com 
Contact No.: +91 8017702215 
Address: 49 Jessore Road, DumDum, Nagerbajar, City: Kolkata-700028 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Yours Truly 
Meghani Majumdar 
