Abhijeet Gupta 
Guptaabhijeet33@gamil.com +919916037361 
Career Objective: 
To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me satisfaction and self-development and help me to achieve organizational goal. 
Summary: 
A System Software Engineer graduated from Punjab Technical University and having over 6 months of experience in android app development Result oriented, self-driven, highly motivated and hungry to learn new technologies, methodologies, strategies and processes. 
Academic Qualification 
B.Tech in Computer Science and Engineering (2016) from Punjab Technical University with 68% 10+2 with Maths (2012) from ISC board with 55% marks High School (2009) from ICSE board with 69% marks 
Technical Skills 
Primary Skills: Java, Android, MySQL 
Secondary Skills: Networking and protocol (NIIT), WordPress, Visual Basics 
Tools : Android Studio, Eclipse IDE, Visual Studio, WAMP, XAMPP, MS Office Project 1. Robust Normalized Subscriber List with Script Based 
Analytics(Mailman) 
Mailman is direct marketing a commercial message to a group of people using email. In its broadest sense, every email sent to a potential or current customer could be considered email marketing. It usually involves using email to send ads, request business, or solicit sales or donations, and to build loyalty, trust, or brand awareness. Email marketing can be done to either sold lists or a current customer database. Broadly, the term is usually used to refer to sending email messages with the purpose of enhancing the relationship of a merchant with its current or previous customers, to encourage customer loyalty and repeat business, acquiring new customers or convincing current customers to purchase something immediately, and adding advertisements to email messages sent by other companies to their customers. 
2. University audit enrollment system with advance access standards 
This software product the university management is to improve their services for all the students of the university as well as the colleges under this university. It helps in keeping the complete records of the colleges, departments, teachers and the students as well as the internal marks of the students. Separate privileges are given to users for editing and viewing the details. 
Strengths 
Good written & presentation skills 
A high tolerance of stress and enjoys responsibilities Quick learner with good grasping ability Action-oriented and result-focused Can work as a team as well as individual Achievements 
Won first prize for technical quiz at inter college level competition 
Won second prize in technical and assembling at dept level 
Won first prize in technical quiz at dept level Won First prize in essay competition at dept level Personal Information 
Date of Birth: 12th 
Nov 1993 Sex & Status: Male & Single 
Nationality: INDIAN 
Languages Known: English, Hindi and Nepali 
