 SHEIK RASOOL 
Email:signin.rasul@gmail.com Mobile: +918523862980 
Objective: 
To work in a challenging environment : 
Where Database Administration is valued as the most critical by the organization Where I can contribute my knowledge and skills towards the growth of the organization Which encourages continuous learning that would be helpful for both my personal and professional success. 
Professional Summary : 
Currently working with POLARIS as Oracle Database Administratorin Hyderabad 
Overall 3.4 years of Oracle Database Administrator 
Working as a part of team and providing 24x7 support on a Production database and System support environment. 
Installation and configuration of Oracle11g on Linux environment. 
Experience in managing databases under various environments. 
Space management & Storage management. 
Implementation and maintaining Database Security (create and maintain users and roles, assign privileges). 
Well verse with recovery procedures in archive and no archive database log mode. 
Good knowledge on Oracle Networking (configuring listener.ora and tnsnames.ora) 
Database backup and recovery. 
Experience in RMAN backup and recovery. 
Experience in Cloning of a database (RMAN cloning/hot backup cloning). 
Worked on Automatic Storage Management (ASM). 
Worked in configuration Datagaurd (Standby). 
Applied Patches andupgraded the databases. 
Knowledge on performance tuning. 
Knowledge on Real Application Cluster(RAC) 
Education: 
B.Tech (Information & Technology) from A.S.R College ofEngineering, TANUKU affiliated to JNTUK, with 64.93%-AP in 2012. 
Professional Experience: 
Currently working in POLARISas Oracle Database Administratorin Hyderabadsince 20thmay, 2013 to till date. 
Project #1 
Organization: POLARIS 
Project: Scottrade 
Role: Database Administrator 
Environment : Oracle 11g , OEL 
Duration: April2014 to till date 
Description: Scottrade is a leading online investing firm offering a full line of investment products, online trading services and market research tools to help investors take control of their financial future. 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
Managing data file objects including tablespaces and datafiles as well as monitoring database usage and growth. 
Performing status checks by monitoring the Alert log, Trace files of the database. 
Looking into action requests (tickets) and resolving issues, providing the root cause, providing the permanent fix. 
Monitoring and Reorganizing Database objects Tables & Indexes to minimize fragmentation in the database using logical backup and restoration (Export and Import). 
Performed Cloning activity for Databases from Production to Testing Environment. 
Configuring a listener/Shared server configuration. 
Responsible for creating user logons and managing user accounts. 
Monitor the instance and plan for future availability of storage on users tablespaces. 
Adding space to the data files according to table space growth. 
Backup and Recovery strategies for Oracle database using RMAN, exp/imp, Expdp/Impdp,Cold and Hot backups. 
Maintaining Standby databases (Datagaurd). Installation and Configuration of Automatic Storage Management (ASM). 
Project #2 
Organization :POLARIS 
Project : Hanes Brands INC 
Role: Associate Database Administrator 
Environment : Oracle 11g, SQL, Red Hat Linux 
Duration:May 2013 toMarch 2014 
Description: This Project is mainly for maintaining the databases of Hanes Brands employees information,their payroll and Hanes Brands products and online shopping database information. 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
Performing all the Database Administration activities like space management, users, and roles and checking alert log of the database. 
Installed and supported Oracle 10g on Red Hat Linux. 
Provided regular DBA support for the database servers Creating and Managing Table spaces, Data files, Control files and Redo Log files. 
Creating roles, profiles and attaching them with users. 
Maintenance and monitoring of Database and Listener. 
Performing Cold and Hot backups. 
Logical backup using expdp and impdp. 
Performed database backup using RMAN. 
Performed Database Cloning from Production to Test environment Creating DB links upon requests. 
Adding or resizing Data files to tablespaces as requirement Monitoring System Global Area (SGA) and managing when it requires. 
Backing up the control file to trace. 
Monitoring Alert log files. 
Personal Details: 
Name : Sheik Rasool 
Date of Birth :30-08-1991 
Fathers Name : Sheik Sayyad 
Nationality : Indian 
Languages : English, Telugu 
Phone : 8523862980 
Email :signin.rasul@gmail.com 
Address :Murthy press Bulding, Anand Nagar, Erragadda, Hyderabad-500018. 
Permanent Address :Juvvalapalem,Tadepalligudem,W.G 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my Knowledge and belief. 
SHEIK RASOOL. 
