Prabhakar Valluru E-Mail:prabhakarvalluru@gmail.com 
Phone: +91 9739270480 PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
Having around 3 years of experience in Software Testing with 2 years on Automation Testing and 1 year on Manual Testing 
Hands on experience on Selenium-IDE and Selenium-WebDriver 
Good knowledge on Core Java. 
Involved in framework designing (Data driven framework and TestNG). 
Generated HTML reports using TestNG. 
Prepared Smoke and Regression suites. 
Performed Regression and Smoke testing using Selenium 
Good experience in creating, modifying and enhancing both manual Test cases and Test Scripts created in selenium Web driver. 
Knowledge on Agile-Scrum. 
Expertise in S.D.L.C, S.T.L.C and B.L.C. 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills with strong work ethics. 
Team player, highly productive, Commitment and Result driven in team and Individual Projects. 
Ability to understand Functional Requirements Specification and Technical Design Specification documents. 
Experience in conducting Black Box Testing (Functional Testing, ,Usability Testing, System Testing and Regression Testing). 
Proficient in Test Case Design, Test execution and Defect Management. 
Participated in Test Case reviews Create Daily Status Report, Weekly Status Report 
Good analytical and problem solving skills. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Working as an Software Test Engineer in Terralogic Software Solutions, Bangalore from Jan 2014 to till date. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Automation Tools : Selenium WebDriver 
Programming Languages : JAVA 
Database 
: SQL Server 
Operating Systems : Windows OS Family 
Defect Tracking Tools : Bugzilla,Mantis 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 
B Tech (Electronics & Communication Engineering) from JNTU Ananthapur. 
ACHIEVEMENTS: 
Received Star Employee of Terralogic award in YatraGenie Project. 
Have consistently received appreciation from the client for the work done on testing 
front. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE PROJECT # 1 
: Yatragenie.com Online Travel Portal 
Client : Yatragenie 
URL 
: http://www.yatragenie.com 
Environment 
: Windows 8, SQL Server, TestNG 
Tools 
: Selenium Webdriver 
Role : Software Test Engineer 
Duration : 16 Months 
Description: YatraGenie.com, a travel portal by Paxterra Software Solutions Pvt Ltd, provides world-class travel experience for both bus and cab travel booking administrations to the people of India. YatraGenie.com provides fast and reliable bus ticket booking service. Its user friendly user interface allows the user to book a seat of his/her choice at ease. More ever, the cheapest ticket fare and the least cancellation charges make Yatragenie the best available option in market. Apart from these it also offers a separate panel for operators and agents. 
Responsibilities: Developed automation scripts for Regression test cases Executed Regression suites. 
Perform Regression testing and upload the bugs in Bugzilla 
Identify the test cases needs to automated 
Develop the scripts by using TestNG with Webdriver 
Execute the scripts on the new build 
Capture all the results in a new folder Analyze the Results 
Report the Bugs 
Keeping track of Hardware and software requirements for the Test Environment 
Frequent status check with the Team Lead to ensure timely delivery of different milestones 
PROJECT # 2 : 
Insurance Information and Transaction system. 
Client : Peace Life Insurance Group, Portland. 
Environment : Windows XP/2000, SQL Server,, Eclipse 
Technologies : Manual Testing, Selenium WebDriver, Java, TestNG 
Role : Software Test Engineer 
Duration : 12 months 
Description: 
This application is developed for Insurance Company usage. It provides information regarding the services and its policies offered by Peace Life Insurance Group, Portland. The home page incorporates the basic options like available polices and their benefits, terms and conditions and new schemes etc and settling of Claims against polices. Different types of policies offered by this application are Vehicle Insurance, Life Insurance, Home Insurance and Health Insurance according to the users interest. 
Responsibilities: 
Understanding the requirements and business of the application. 
Performing Manual Testing on functionality of the application. 
Creating Test Scenarios, Test Cases, Test data for the application. 
Testing activities included Functional, Retesting, Regression, System and Acceptance Testing. 
Raising and Reproducing Bugs. 
Identify the test cases needs to automated Develop the scripts by using TestNG with Webdriver 
Execute the scripts on the new build 
Capture all the results in a new folder Analyze the Results 
Report the Bugs 
Keeping track of Hardware and software requirements for the Test Environment 
PROJECT # 3 
Pax-Web 
Client : Paxterra Software Solutions 
Role : Associate Software Engineer Technologies : Manual Testing, Selenium WebDriver, Java, TestNG 
Duration : 8 Months 
Team Size : 3 [Testing Team] 
Description: 
Pax-Web is an internal web application to manage all the Employee details. An Employee can able to Manage Leaves, Attendance, Expenses, Assets and Projects on daily basis. 
Responsibilities: 
Converted Business requirements and design documentation into test design products. 
Test Scenarios, Test Cases. 
Responsible for GUI and Functional Testing using Black Box Testing Techniques. 
Involvement in Test Execution, Results Analyzing and Defect Reporting. 
Testing the application and Reporting Bugs using BugZilla. 
Keeping track of Hardware and software requirements for the Test Environment. 
Used TestNG framework for running the Selenium test scripts. 
Attended Status Meetings. 
