Vimal CV #326, Pushpa Apartment s, OMBR Layout ,4th A Cross, Bangalore, Karnataka - 560043 
Tel : [+91 9008788917] Email : vimal.cv4u@gmail.com 
Experience: 10yrs, Availability: 30 Days 
Area Sales Manager 
Objective To keep growing in the ever dynamic and challenging field of Technology, with hard work and sincerity in order to attain personal and organizational goal. . 
Skills Large Account Management, Handling Defence Account, Opportunity 
Analysis, Technical sales, Lead generation/ Cold calling/Marketing & Automotive- Embedded Software sales. 
Firmware knowledge: VHDL 
Simulation tool: Modelsim 
Design tool/Debug equipment s: Xilinx-ISE, Lattice-Diamond, OrCAD Capture, Allegro, Digital Oscilloscope, Logic analyser. 
Documentation tool: MS office, Visio, Excel. 
Summary Currently working as Area Sales Manager at Exxelia Group India. 
Delegate tasks and responsibilities to appropriate personnel. 
Track project milestones and deliverables. 
Interacting with my French and German colleagues and clients for Thales, Siemens, Alstom, Faiveley & Dassult projects in India. 
Coach, mentor, motivate and supervise Distributor/Representatives and influence them to take positive action and accountability for their assigned work. 
Prospect for potential new clients and turn this into increased business. 
Plan approaches and pitches, build relationships with new clients. 
Present new products and services and enhance existing relationships Assist customers in selecting correct products for their designs. 
Provide follow-up support in disseminating technical information on specific applications. 
Present to and consult with mid and senior level management on business trends with a view to developing new products. 
Responsible for identifying and clarifying any technical issues related to new or existing products and clearly communicate that to the business unit product lines. 
Research, gather and analyse data for proposed projects. 
Receive inputs from clients and appropriately and accurately apply comments and feedback. 
Good communication skills, including report writing and documentation. 
Experience Area Sales Manager, Exxelia Group, India.Bangalore, Karnataka 
(2015- present) 
Working as Area Sales Manager at Exxelia Group, Looking after Passive component sales for business units like Eurofarad, Firadec, SIC SAFCO, Temex & Microspire. Responsible for Industrial, Railways, Defence & Avionics segments in India. 
Responsibilities Finding new opportunities to increase business and handle Key 
Accounts. 
Defence & Avionics HAL , DARE , ADE , SITAR , Honeywell , UTC , Airbus, Thales , BEL , LRDE , Eaton 
Railways 
Alstom , Bombardier , Siemens , Medha , Hind Rectifiers , Crompton, Faiveley , Ansaldo 
Industrial & Medical ABB , Schneider , Philips , Medtronic s , BHEL , Bloom 
Energy 
Key Accounts Manager, FTD Infocom Pvt Ltd. 
Bangalore, Karnataka (2013- 2014 December) 
Working as Key Account Manager for FTD Infocom, Looked after sale and business development of Automotive Safety Critical Software tools like Gliwa, AbsInt and Symtavision. 
Business Development/FAE, Weikeng Technology Pte Ltd. 
Bangalore, Karnataka (2012 2013) 
Worked as Business Development manager/FAE for Weikeng Product Lines by creating and managing long term relationship with product based companies. 
Responsibilities include identifying revenue opportunity with both existing and new clients by promoting major products like SanDisk/Spansion/Lattice Semi/IRF etc and meeting the targets. Providing customers with the necessary technical support throughout their design cycle. 
Major Accomplishments 
Product support with HCL Technologies for Tablet PC design. 
Product development with Aruba Networks for their Access point & Mobility controller products. 
Router design with Juniper Networks. 
Product support with BEL for Tablet PC and Defence radio design. 
Product support with Evolute Systems for Printer Design. 
Product support with Wipro technologies for Tablet PC design. 
Product support with Geodesic for Printer design. 
Business Development/FAE, BBS Electronics Pvt Ltd 
Bangalore, Karnataka (2010-2012) 
Worked as Business Development/FAE for Lattice Semiconductor (Chip sets, Evaluation boards, Software s and IP s). Product promotion and providing customers with the necessary technical support throughout their design cycle. 
Major Accomplishments 
Product support with CEM solutions for Router design Product support with TVS Electronics for Printer design. 
Product support with WEP for Thermal Printer design. 
Product support with Philips India for Ultra Sound scanner. 
Project Engineer, DARE (Defence Research Development 
Organisation) 
Bangalore, Karnataka (2006-2010) Was deputed to execute Avionics related projects. DARE-DRDO is a part of the Ministry of Defence, India and is the premier Avionics lab executing projects relating to Electronic Warfare. Fields of work include Project study, Schematics development, Board level design, Chip level design, Testing and debugging. 
Major Accomplishments 
Compact-PCI (cPCI) based CPU I/O card design support. 
LPRF Module Tester card design 
ETX tester card design Education NCERCB-Tech in Electronics and Telecommunication 2002-2006 BVBVM 
12th, CBSE, Kerala 2002 BVBVM 10th, CBSE, Kerala 2000 
Personal Details DOB: 20/12/1984Nationality: Indian 
Languages: Malayalam, English, Hindi, Tamil. 
Marital status: Married 
Passport No: G7168400 
