VINOD MENON 
Mobile: +91-9538191133 
Email: vinveen.menon@gmail.com 
CURRICULUM VITAE 
Looking to leverage strong professional orientation and experience for a rewarding career in a dynamic organization. 
Date of Birth 
: 2nd May 1970 
Gender : Male 
Education Qualification 
: B.Com, DPCS & pursuing MBA in HRM Total Work Experience : 26 years 
Skills : Operations, Reporting, Sales & Marketing, Training, Accounting, Warehousing & Logistics 
Administration, Recruiting, and Customer Care 
Head of Operations in Sagar e Technologies for a period of 3 years from 07-August-2013 to 31-August-2016. 
Management: - Worked closely with directors of various departments to improve forecast reliability. Escalate to directors any operational situation (systems, people, process, sales, and client) that could impede or impact the delivery of the daily work.Communicate plan and execute process changes, daily production and other information needed to accomplish or exceed daily productivity, weekly operations reviews to report progress and provide insight into operations. Attend and provide insight into monthly production planning meetings with directors to define production plans provide lessons learn and prepare next months action plan.Lead the annual succession planning exercise, and play an active part in any organization re-structuring or design exercises to ensure consistency, fairness and compliance with company policy. 
Stake holders: Interconnect agreements with LCOS as per TRAI specification, Submission of relevant documents to TRAI, LCOS documents viz Postal Certificates, Preparing reports DAS & NON DAS per TRAI instructions, Reports to DOORDARSHAN, 
Accounting: Monthly invoices to LCOS, SOAs, Ageing Analysis, and payment follow up, disconnection and reconnection lists, bank inflow and outflow reports, handling foreign payments, LC & BOE. 
Channels: Assisting directors on finalisation of agreements, renewals viz PAY CHANNEL & CARRIAGE agreements, coordinating for channel placements (LCN RANKING) with the technical team as per agreement norms. Inflow & outflow of components ( viz decoders) coordination, Monitor day-today operational processes to execute renewals quoting and response to channel quoting requests within defined service levels (time and quality), making timely decisions to accomplish daily objectives and production demand. Revenue generation through advertisements & live programs on local channels and through middleware- advertisement on regular channels. Submission of monthly reports, coordination of technical audit. 
Vendor Management (SMS, Middleware, CAS & Facility): Identify vendors and service providers as per management requirement. Identify vendors and service providers as per management requirement. Primary and secondary check before on boarding of new vendors. Documentation viz enquiry, quotations, purchase orders and agreements, Negotiate good deals with the vendors, margins, payment terms, process finalization, reconciliation & release of payment etc ,Build and maintain effective relationships with internal and external clients 
H R & Administration: - 
Handled a team of 30 team members, 500 plus stakeholders staff. 
Manage day to day activities of the office. 
Interviewing, hiring, and training employees; planning, assigning and directing work; appraising performance; addressing complaints and resolving problems. 
Identified relevant information and helped transform this information into individual and organizational knowledge and learning. Kept a track of allHRrelated documents and policies required for individual employee. 
Executed manpower budgeting and used resources accordingly. 
Provided detailed training of roles and responsibilities, and detailed induction. Maintained a low rate of attrition. 
Prepare MIS reports, time sheets, attendance, and salary for the staff. 
Sales Manager for ACLIV Technologies for a period of 3 months from 20 Feb 2013 to 15 June 2013. (Key Accounts Manager for ACCENTURE across India) 
Handled a team of 20 members. 
Entire recruiting activities viz conducting walk-ins, train to hire, campus drives, liaison Attend daily, weekly calls, meetings with different levels of management team of Accenture. 
Prepare MIS reports, time sheets, attendance, and salary for ACLIV staff deputed in ACCENTURE. 
Prepare invoices and follow-up payments. 
Leverage strengths of the current team members; help to clarify roles and responsibilities and develop and implement training programs in order to maximize and reach optimal individual and organizational goals. 
Nurtured and developed a motivated HR Team to meet business requirement. Kept ears to the ground and reached out to all Team members through communication at regular intervals to gather insights @ workplace and feed them back appropriately to the leadership team of the organisation 
Provide employee development and counselling assistance to employees /team members to enhance employee performance and productivity. Took adequate measures to retain good employees, ring fence high potential employees Senior Analyst for Commercial Services-ANZ Bank for a period of 3 years (05-Sept 2011 to 18 Feb 2013). 
Handled a team of 20 members. 
Coordinating with the frontline team in various integrated communication and marketing activities. 
Tracking campaigns, preparing performance analysis reports of post campaign and making recommendations to concurrent programs for corrective modifications. 
Maintaining communication open lines with all organizations and providing prompt answers to requests in order to determine how to convey concise, clear, and timely selective information. 
Training for customer service and sales. Developing lead generation plans with targets, measures, and objectives. 
Working with customers in developing case studies, references, and testimonials. 
Coordinating and analyzing results of advertisement and marketing campaigns. 
ACS 
A XEROX COMPANY, Bangalore different projects for a period of 5 Years and 6 Months (01-03-2006 to 02-09-2011) 
Project: GE North America-Accounts Payable 
Handled a team of 25 (Associates & Senior Associates) Interact with customers, suppliers (internal and external) for GSL issues, discount issues, invoice hold issues, tax issues and coordinating with respective teams to resolve the issues. 
Review inter-company reconciliation on a monthly basis and resolve all discrepancies in a timely manner. 
Duly capturing process changes and documenting it, evaluate employee performance and develop staff to enhance their performance and efficiency. 
Project: Chrysler Finance and Accounts 
Handled a team of 15 (Senior Associates) 
Underwent training / transition for Fixed Asset & Accounts Payable Process in Chrysler - Windsor, Canada 
Facilitate functional fixed asset management and reporting structures, establishing productivity, monthly costs, and service-life metrics for Senior Management / Auditors 
Reviewing periodic reconciliations and reports to SAP module & knowledge transfer to team. 
Project: International Software Licensing 
Analysis of Software Licensing agreements, Monitor CAPEX authorization, tracking and reporting, Processing of Software licensing payments and manage vendor accounts. 
Accounts Executive with Aruna Associates and Sales consultant with Maruti Suzuki Dealer for a period of 4 years ( October 2002 to February 2006) 
Handled a team of 7 members. 
Maintaining day books. Consolidation of final accounts and preparation of monthly reports Supporting field staff to generate business from chemists and stocking doctors. 
Plan activities related to successful selling of various Maruti Variants. 
Sourcing, arranging and coordinating for finance, insurance as well as for spares & true value sales. 
Show-Room in-charge with UNITCO -Dubai for a period of 8 years from March 1994 to October 2002 
Handled a team of 10 members. 
Maintaining sales accounts, preparation of monthly reports, ageing analysis & follow up of outstanding payments. 
Support sales team in opening new accounts and upgrading existing customers. 
Ensured customers receive outstanding service by adhering to and enforcing customer service programs 
Quickly and effectively solve customer challenges. 
Accounts Clerk in Petron Engineering Construction Ltd , Mumbai(1993-1994) 
Accountant in Yemkay Agencies, Palakkad, Kerala (1991-1992) Sales Representative in Viswabharathi Distributors, Palakkad, Kerala (1990-1991) EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS 
Pursuing - MBA in HRM from Pondicherry University 
Passed B.Com from Calicut University in 1990. 
Completed Computer Software and Data Management (D.P.C.S) from NCVT IT SKILLS 
Working knowledge in MS Office, SAP, Oracle, Mainframe, TALLY, Pastel and Systematic 
Working experience in Novell, NT Server, SQL Server environments 
STRENGTHS 
Excellent inter-personal, communication and team leadership skills. 
Can adapt to any computerised environment, including ERP systems. 
Languages known - English, Hindi, Malayalam, Tamil, Kannada 
SPECIAL INTEREST 
Travelling, music, badminton and cricket. 
