CURRICULUM VITAE CAREER OBJECTIVE 
A growth oriented Position in a Professionally Managed and Dynamic Organization, which provides opportunities for development and responsibilities to contribute towards organization success. 
PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS 
Experienced in Sales Manager, Business Development Executive and Investor Relationship Officer. Proficient in user requirements gathering, concept of operations, problem analysis, solution development and implementation planning. 
Meeting Sales Goals, Negotiation, Selling to Customer Needs, Motivation for Sales, Sales Planning, Building Relationships, Coaching, Managing Processes, Market Knowledge, Developing Budgets 
KEY SKILLS 
Sales Manager (http://www.timesjobs.com/jobskill/sales-manager-jobs" \o "Sales Manager Jobs" \t "_blank),Team Management (http://www.timesjobs.com/jobskill/team-management-jobs" \o "Team Management Jobs" \t "_blank),Client Retention (http://www.timesjobs.com/jobskill/client-retention-jobs" \o "Client Retention Jobs" \t "_blank), Product Training (http://www.timesjobs.com/jobskill/product-training-jobs" \o "product training Jobs" \t "_blank),Business Development (http://www.timesjobs.com/jobskill/business-management-jobs" \o "Business Management Jobs" \t "_blank),Marketing (http://www.timesjobs.com/jobskill/marketing-jobs" \o "Marketing Jobs" \t "_blank), Team Handling (http://www.timesjobs.com/jobskill/team-handling-jobs" \o "team handling Jobs" \t "_blank) 
Operating system: Windows 7/8 
Office Tools: MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint, Kingsoft, Spreadsheet, Paint. 
WORK EXPERIENCES 
3. Experience 
Working as a SALES MANAGER (Modern Trade) in SLANZER TECHNOLOGY PRIVATE LIMITED from 26th December 2015 to till now. 
Work Responsibilities:- 
Responsible for obtaining profitable results through the sales team by developing the team through motivation, counselling, skills development and product knowledge development. 
Manage the sales administration function, operational performance reporting, streamlining processes and systems wherever possible, and advising senior management on maximizing business relationships and creating an environment where customer service can flourish. 
Responsible for managing the sales team, developing a business plan covering sales, revenue, and expense controls, meeting agreed targets, and promoting the organizations presence throughout India. 
Assist in the development of the annual marketing plan, specifically advising on: realistic forecasts for each product and territory (based on historical data, market trends, competitive activity, promotional strategy and sales effort), realistic costs of operating the sales force; and sales promotion programme plans. 
Ensure that all sales promoters activities are in accordance with the guidelines of the Indias Code of Conduct. 
Responsible for the planning, recruitment, direction, organization and control of sales promoters to accomplish specific objectives. 
Responsible for monitoring the performance of the sales team by establishing a system of reports and communications involving sales reports, cyclical sales meetings, sales newsletters and electronic bulletins. Plan and implement a specific appraisal system that describes the responsibilities and performance standards for each member of the sales team, set individual territory sales and commission targets and administer the commission plan. 
Personally observe the performance of sales promoters in the field on a regular basis. 
Provide high standards of ongoing training for the company promoters so that they possess sufficient sales and technical knowledge to present information on the companys products in an accurate and balanced manner. 
2. Experience 
Worked as a I.R.O. (Investor Relation Officer) in KARVY DATA MANAGEMENT SERVICES LIMITED from 9th June 2014 to 18th June 2015. 
Work Responsibilities:- 
Monitors operational changes through ongoing contacts with company management Monitors analyst reports and summarizes them for senior management Establishes and maintains relationships with clients Coordinate and organize investor relations activities and events including investor meetings, conference, and corporate visits. 
Prepare annual and interim reports, presentation materials, operational updates, comparable company analysis, market update, etc. Developed and implemented marketing and promotion strategies for Reuters and its subsidiaries. 
1. Experience 
Worked as a B.D.E (Business Development Executive) in FUTURE DIMENSIONS CONSULTANTS PRIVATE LIMITED from 7th March 2013 to 31st May 2014. 
Work Responsibilities:- 
Develop and maintain existing and new client relation Contacting potential clients via email or phone to establish relation and set up meetings Developing quotes and proposals 
Negotiating and re-negotiating by phone, email, and in person Prepare reports by collecting and analyzing customer reports Planning and overseeing new marketing initiatives 
Worked with market and product managers to identify opportunities for product and sales promotions and new product development for multiple market segments. Conducted market research, developed marketing strategies and implemented tactical plans (e.g., direct response marketing and sales incentive programs 
Contacting clients to inform them about new developments with the companys products. 
ACADEMICS 
B.E. (Computer Science & Engineering), Annamalai University in 2011. 
B.Sc (Part-2) J.P. University in 2007. 
B.Sc.(part-1) J.P. University in 2006. 
12th S.D.S. College, Chapra in 2004. 
10th Y.K.H.S., Khodaibagh in 2002. 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
Fathers Name:- 
Shri Rampal Prasad 
Permanent Address:- 
Mouna Mishra Toli, Chapra (Saran),Bihar - 841301 
Date of Birth:- 
6th October 1987 
Languages Known:- 
English, Hindi 
Marital Status: - Single 
Nationality:- 
Indian 
Hobbies: - 
Reading Books, Internet Surfing 
DECLARATION 
I solemnly hereby declare that all the information provided above is authentic to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Dated: Signature 
Place: (MUKESH KUMAR) MUKESH KUMAR 
E-mail: 
mukeshkumarcse87@gmail.com 
Mob. No: 8510820254 
Address : 
S-622, School Block, Nehru Enclave, Shakarpur, New Delhi - 110092 
