 Bobby Srinivas 
Email id: bobiyersrinivas@outlook.com (mailto:bobiyersrinivas@outlook.com) / cell no: 09986379460 
Hi, I'm Bobby Srinivas; I work across verticals like branding, events, brand campaigns, customer research and digital marketing and have the opportunity to influence the brand. 
In a career of 15 years plus spanning marketing, branding and sales, I have worked in sectors of the liquor industry, advertising and creative service provider, fast moving consumer goods and the plumbing industry. 
MY STRENGTH: 
A keen planner and strategist with expertise in overseeing branding and marketing operations thereby achieving increased sales growth/maximized profitability and building brand focus in conjunction with operational requirements and positioning it in a premium position Relentless commitment towards goals and deadlines, in the context of a highly fluid and unpredictable environment(s) Strong interpersonal and cross-functional management skills with the ability to collaborate tact-fully and effectively across different verticals Demonstrated professionalism, confidence, integrity, strong organizational skills, efficiency, initiative, resourcefulness and adaptability to change Multi-tasking and strong attention to detail. Well-developed active listening skills Passion for analyzing products, market dynamics, customer behavior and market trends. A creative imagination capable of promoting new products in an exciting yet practical way An effective communicator and team leader with proficiency in driving the team to deliver quality customer focused services and creating a vibrant, proactive and knowledgeable team Effective communicator with excellent skills with regards to public relations Expertise in providing customer solution and coordination support based on the market/client requirements Effectively launching new products and concepts with new distribution network. Arranging promotional activities and sales campaigns in strategic locations during launches 
Adept at handling branding and marketing operation with minimal assistance Flexible work schedule and committed to completion of set goals 
Enjoy working in a busy, deadline driven creative environment 
WORK HISTORY 
M/s Ashirvad Pipes Pvt Ltd 
Designation: Asst-Branding Manager: South India 
Joining Year and end: 2014 -2016 Key Focus Area : 
Strategizing and coordinating brand presence and awareness life cycle in Digital marketing platforms. Brand visibility across South India. 
Coordinating the life cycle of BTL activations across designated markets. 
Market research on influencers, buying patterns and trade outlets. 
Coordinating life cycle of events at corporate and regional level. 
Introducing of new branding concepts in the market. 
Vendor management. 
Website updating. 
Achievements: 
Branded in shop/out shop 7500 outlets across south India. Launched 2 new products and related activation campaigns in South India. 
Market research undertaken in Tamil Nadu and Karnataka. 
Introduced two utility branding concepts, first of its kind in the sector. 
Spearheaded development of two mobile app and website development to functionality. 
Covered eight lakh sqft of wall painting. 
Coordinated 75 events at corporate and regional levels. 
Activated 450 buses and 6000 auto branding. 
Activated and organized factory visits for prominent builders and developers. 
Organized Distributors and Dealers events at national and regional level and trade events Innovations 
Introduced shelf sticker branding Conceptualized, developed and implemented utility meter scale shelf sticker Market research and survey 
Conducted market survey in 10 cities of Karnataka and 12 cities of Tamil Nadu 
M/s Khoday RCA Industries 
Designation: 
Senior Brand Consultant 
Joining Year and end: 
2011 -2014 
Key Focus Area : 
Brand visibility of designated brand across Pan India 
Coordinating the life cycle of ATL / BTL activations across designated markets. 
Market research on buying patterns and trade outlets. 
Coordinating life cycle of events. 
Introducing of new branding concepts and surrogates for the trade. 
Vendor management. 
Coordinating packaging development, sourcing of packaging materials and shelf placements. 
Achievements: 
Successfully introduced aseptic packaging reducing cost of 30% from existing packaging. 
Sphere headed and conceptualized surrogate advertisement. 
Successfully managed various brand related campaigns at the below the line level. 
M/s Suguna Poultry Farms 
Designation: Branding Manager 
Joining Year and end: 2011 - 2011 Key Focus Area : 
Responsible for activation of campaigns across all consumer touch points. This includes management of creative excellence and consistency as well as overall touch point strategy to ensure a holistic campaign development and implementation across ATL, BTL and consumer events. 
In charge of preparing a comprehensive media plan and implementing advertising campaigns. Effective relationship with regional, national and specialist media in order to maximize PR opportunities Market research on buying patterns and trade outlets. Development of brand strategy and plan for all business verticals, market mapping, consumer segmentation, assessment and brand communication both internal and external. 
Achievements 
Launched the following products below: This involved package designing, market research on consumer buying pattern, product placement, competitors analysis, product related collaterals, promotional activities and press releases. 
Indias first DIET CHICKEN 
Mothers Delight Refined Soybean Oil. 
Suguna Poultry feed Suguna Value-added branded eggs Suguna Cattle feed Suguna Ready-to-eat product range Conceptualized and developed in-store branding visibility such as shelf displays, cut-outs, shelf talkers and standee's for product visibility and brand positioning. 
Conceptualized and arranged PR related activities like press coverage, opportunistic newsprint releases, factory visits, meets and featured advertisement. 
Khoday RCA Industries, Bangalore 
Designation: Brand Activation Manager 
Joining Year and end: 2009 - 2011 Key Focus Area 
Assist in development and implementation of marketing plans to effectively communicate the companys positioning and message in the market in order to increase awareness. 
Develop, implement and monitor the advertising program-design and placement of advertisements; negotiate contracts with media and design agencies on advertising campaigns. 
Plan and budget marketing activities, monitor and supported all sales and promotional programs and activities of the company. 
Keep track industry trends and competitors activities. 
Achievements 
Successfully launched a new variant in the rum segment. This included product activation across all counters, Press Release and surrogate advertisement. 
Sphere headed in achieving the International Monde Selection Award 2010 for four brands. 
M/s Radico Khaitan Ltd 
Designation: Area Marketing Manager 
Joining Year and end: 2002 
2009 
Key Focus Area 
: Increase sales of brand in the designated area of operation. 
Executing marketing activities for successful positioning of new and existing products line like promotions in off and on outlets. Tracking competitions. 
Represent and Participate in Para Military tenders for sales 
M/s Mohan Meakins Limited 
Designation: Area Sales Manager 
Joining Year and end: 1997 - 2002 Key Focus Area 
: Increase sales of brand in the designated area of operation. 
Executing marketing activities for successful positioning of new and existing products line like promotions in off and on outlets. Tracking competitions. 
Represent and Participate in Para Military tenders for sales 
Achievements : 
Successfully achieved to hold the beer segment brand to a No 1 Position. 
Opened new areas of sales like Bhutan and Tripura. Achieved several tenders for supply to armed forces posted in North Eastern Region 
Launched several products in the designated area of operations 
Received the best Salesman Award 
EDUCATION QUALIFICATION MBA with specialization in Retail and Branding from National Institute of Retail Management 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Date of Birth : 11 July, 1975 Marital status 
: Married 
Passport Details: Z2345787 valid till: 2021 Driving License : 48536/NW/PVT/10 
Pan Card No : ANTPB6076B 
