R sum Page 1 ABHI PRASAD +91 9961215162 Madathil House 
Mammalassery P.O 
Ramamangalam 
Ernakulam Pin 686663 
abhimadathil62@gmail.com 
Career Objective: 
Develop a career in an organization that provides motivation, has challenging work and where I can use my skills in the best possible way for achieving the company s goals as well as to achieve my individual goals by being within the organization. 
Academic Record: 
MBA in Human Resource and Marketing , from Sree Narayana Gurukulam 
College of Engineering, 2014 Bachelor of Computer Application, , from Baselios Poulose II Catholicos College, Piravom 2012 
Plus Two (Bio-math s), Fatima Matha Higher secondary school SSLC, Fatima Matha Higher secondary school Professional Experience: 
Currently working in Name of Company : 
Baby Marine International, Kochi, Kerala 
Designation : Executive HR-Executive 
Duration : June 2016 
Till Date Key Assignments: 
HR Generalist 
Monitoring and verifying the pay roll of all employees and preparation of salary statement. 
Preparing various kinds of reports like absenteeism, leave and late coming reports etc 
Processing monthly attendance musters for workers, trainees & officers. 
Planning and altering shift schedules, computation of shift allowances and salary. 
Generation of pay slips Maintenance of personal files for all employees and confidential record keeping Taking care of statutory requirements like ESI, PF etc. 
R sum Page 2 Maintenance of PF register, ESI registers, PF account numbers and filing of various 
PF forms, challan and returns. 
Handling employee queries relating to EPF, ESIC, ID cards, leave status, and other employee welfare 
Assist with recruitment - Set up interview schedules as part of recruitment process Preparation of full and final settlement. 
Preparing various letters like offer letter, appointment letter, confirmation letter, increment letter, transfer letter, Absenteeism notice, experience/service certificate, relieving letter, etc. 
Performed HR office services such as: filing documents, printing reports and documents, stocking of equipment and supplies. 
Making employees aware of various HR Policies. 
Name of Company : 
Muthoot Securities Ltd(The Muthoot Group) 
Corporate Office, Ernakulum Designation : Executive HR Duration : June 2015 June 2016 
Job Profile and Key responsibilities handled: 
Payroll & Compensation 
Monitoring and verifying the pay roll of all employees and preparation of salary statement. 
Generating branch punching and calculation of LOP for the purpose of salary calculation. 
Updating LOP, increments etc. in HRMS. 
Responsible for all exit formalities including full & final settlement, conducting exist interviews of candidates, issuing relieving letter and letter of experience. 
HR Generalist 
Responsible for creation, Updation and maintenance of personal files and records. 
HRMS Database Administration and keeping up to date data of the employees. 
Over view and monitor all works relating to ESI. 
Medi claim and TA bill verification. 
Communicating HR policies across the organization at all levels. 
Working with HR team members to establish and execute policies and procedures. 
Provided administration support to the HR Manager in HR related matters. 
Assisted with special projects as assigned. 
Training and Development 
Coordinate training and development activities for employees. 
Prepare presentations for training. 
R sum Page 3 Assisted staff with routine HR related questions, served as the first point of contact for employees Assisted company staff in solving HR issues. 
Recruitment 
Scheduled and coordinated Interviews. 
Taking care of joining formalities of employees. 
Coordinate pre-employment tests and pre-employment background checks. 
Computer Skills: 
Microsoft Power Point, Microsoft Word, Outlook 2016, Outlook Express. 
Basic Hardware, Networking & Software knowledge 
Operating system: Windows 7, 8, Ubuntu. 
Extracurricular Activities: 
1. Workshop on Inbound Training Programme at Pegasus Training Centre, Pondicherry, that how leadership affects the success of a group, and the role of team work and corporation among individuals as a critical success factor. 
2. Coordinator of Placitum 2012- International Seminar on 
Paradigm Shift in Innovative Business Management Projects & Organization Studies: 
1. A One month Organization Study from May 2013 to June 2013 at Kerala State 
Electronics Development Corporation Ltd, Ernakulum Dist, Kerala. 
2. One month project on the topic, the Factors Which Leads to the Morale of an Employee at Kerala Books & Publication Society (KBPS). 
Key Skills: 
Comprehensive problem solving abilities, good listener, willingness to learn. 
Ease in pursuing multiple tasks and good analytical skills Hardworking and willing to take on new responsibilities 
Communicate effectively with staff/executives Ability to prioritize duties and time management skills. 
Energetic and cooperative and Work well without supervision Ability to handle sensitive, confidential, and interpersonal matters adequately. 
R sum Page 4 
Personal Information: 
Date of birth 
: 4-march-1991 Gender : 
Male Marital status : 
Single Languages Proficiency : English, Hindi, Malayalam 
Passport Details 
Passport No : 
M4306923 (Valid up to 11/12/2024) 
Declaration: 
I hereby solemnly affirm that all the details provided above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. I am confident of my ability to work in a team. I shall carry myself in a manner that lends dignity to the organization and worthy enough of the person. 
Place: India 
Yours Sincerely 
Abhi Prasad 
