 PERSONAL DETAILS 
Mobile No: +973 3325-0366 | Email: carol.toting@gmail.com Address: Building 1302, Block 339, Um-Al-Hassam, Kingdom of Bahrain 
Date of Birth: December 22, 1991 | Place of Birth: Kingdom of Bahrain 
Marital Status: Single | CPR Number: 911205144 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
OPERATIONS ADMINISTRATION OFFICER Natalsmart March 7, 2016 
Present Department: Executive Office Contact Reference: Mrs. Raji Mathew +973 3815 9112 
Monitored office budget in a monthly basis and assured financials do not exceed over the limit provided. 
Responsible on proof reading documents, emails and contracts before delivering it to the client. 
Managed all HR matters of the company and monitored employee attendance, performance, job requirements and leave entitlements. 
Managed company financials and business operations Managed Visas, Tickets, Annual Leave Applications, Reimbursements, Payroll etc. 
Managed HR policies and procedures, ensuring that it follows through with the Bahrain Labor Law. 
Managed and ensured field employees provide fast and immediate support to the client especially during troubleshoot problems. 
Escalated high priority matters to the CEO with regards to client complaints and projects delays that would have a negative financial fall back to the company. 
Responsible in collecting payments that are due and send regular email reminders to customers Provided support and marketing assistance to the marketing team Managed customer service management of the company and ensured all issues were completed by the technical team. 
HUMAN RESOURCES EXECUTIVE 
Bahrain Duty Free November 5, 2013 
November 22, 2015 Department: Human Resources & Business Support Department Contact Reference: Mr. Adnan Bujandal +973 3308 8972 | +973 1733 7172 
Responsible in controlling and updating personnel files for all upper-level and employees. 
Appointed to compose all requested confidential or non-confidential letters by high management. 
Managed and updated HR Policies & Procedures on a weekly basis. 
Provided support to the Business Support Manager, L&D Manager, HR Manager, HR Supervisor on highlighted issues or projects. 
Maintains a database and prepares documentation related to the renewal of contracts for Bahrainis and Expatriate employees. 
Handles the administration of Resigned/Terminated documentation & reports, Disciplinary documentation & reports, Management Information Report, External Employee Contracts, Medical Insurance Reports, Minutes of Meeting, Security Theft Report, Revision of Security Cameras, Upper 
Level Management Documentation, and HR Personnel s Documentation. 
Responsible for code of disciplinary and document update at the request of the management. 
In the absence on the L&D Manager, was appointed as the Training Coordinator for in-house or external trainings, ensuring each detail of the training was done smoothly and accordingly. 
Served as the point of contact with the company s lawyers, agencies and department heads. 
ADDITIONAL DUTIES Member of the company s Social Committee and worked closely with the Chairman in organizing, planning and preparing company events for the employees. 
Ensured all social events of the company were planned accordingly with the SC Budget. 
ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT D.G. Jones & Partners M.E. WLL 
January 2013 October 2013 Contact Reference: Administrative Officer, Mr. Wilma Nulud +973-1725 6826 
Assigned in the Ministry of Housing Strategic Projects Section to handle all administrative operations for the D.G Jones team. 
Works closely with the Ministry of Housing architects in reviewing drawings and ensuring all documents submitted are accurate and precise. 
Provided administrative support to the D.G Senior Quantity Surveyors in reviewing contracts & tenders. 
Maintains a database and prepares documentation related to the renewal of contracts for strategic projects. 
Responsible in providing support and assistance to the entire department in administering company policies on employees. 
Manages project contract correspondents from other contractors. 
Acts as the liaison with the Ministry of Housing and point of contact with the company s contractors. 
Ensures in administering company policies and support. 
Handles all correspondence from other agencies and contractors 
Organizing and servicing meetings (producing agendas and taking minutes) Monitors all incoming and outgoing documents that are delivered to the department. 
PROCUREMENT & MARKETING ASSOCIATE 
AMSA Trading Establishment October 2011-December 2012 Contact Reference: Logistic & Purchasing Officer, Maria Ruda Rivera +973 33404053 
Handles invoices, purchase orders, requisition forms and administration of the customs documentation system for the company. 
Communicates with suppliers and ensures all orders purchased are correct and delivered safety Dealt with customer inquiries, complaints and requests on a daily basis Responsible in communicating with clients to confirm their purchase was of their satisfaction and ensured all requests were properly executed by the installation team. 
Worked with the Logistics & Purchasing Officer in supervising the installation team on what kind of installation and item the client is requesting. 
Dealt with external suppliers from different countries on specific items to be ordered by the Logistics & Purchasing Officer with the approval of the General Manager. 
Entrusted with the company s petty cash and ensured all employees requesting for money are obligated to sign off a sheet stating the reason, amount and date. All employees are then expected to submit receipts and the remaining balance (if required). 
Handles the administration of the electronic timekeeping system, administration, reports management, data processing, and similar or closely related activities Manages the catalogue design & markets the items being offered by the company to its customers and clients. 
HUMAN RESOURCES ASSISTANT 
A.A. Bin Hindi, Human Resources & Admin Services Department April 2009 - February 2011 Contact Reference: Human Resources Officer, Ms. Camille Sabangan, +973 3953-5782 
Provided administrative support to the department. 
Assisted in conducting monthly In-House Training that includes Safety Briefs to a total of 3000 employees. 
Assisted the HR Director with the recruitment, interviewing, and selection processes and sends appropriate correspondence to all applicants in a timely manner. 
Provided administrative support in the preparation of correspondence, reports, schedules, confidential materials and various employee issues. 
Implemented and maintained filing system, both paper and electronic filing. 
Planned and assisted conducting monthly new hire orientation programs. 
Served as responsible of the preparation of offer letters, contracts & contract extensions, induction program and exit interviews. 
Supervised the HR & Admin Service Department, making sure that each staff is successfully completing the tasks assigned to them. 
Arranged & prepared the necessary documents for the medical insurances of the concerned employees as well as Directors & gets the payments from the Insurance companies for the concerned hospitals. 
ADMINISTRATION & EVENTS EXECUTIVE Experts Events and Exhibition Management Co. EXPERTS March December, 2008 Contact Reference: Mr. Khalid Al Quod, Chef Executive Officer Assisted with event space, arranged food and beverage, event signage, registration and ensure appropriate d cor to meet the quality expectations. 
Prepare nametags, materials, notebooks, packages, gift bags, registration lists, seating cards, etc. 
Ensured all concerned personnel were instructed with all the protocols and information of the event. 
Instructed the events personnel to ensure coverage of each designated areas in the event were covered. 
Worked closely with the Chief Executive Officer in scouting suitable venues, meeting with suppliers / vendors, design and layout of the event. 
Coordinating with suppliers, handling client queries and troubleshooting on the day of the event to ensure that all runs smoothly. 
Handles administration documents for events planning, vendor contracts, security reports and venue agreements. 
Created a brand for the event and organized the production of tickets, posters, catalogues and sales brochures, plus social media coverage. 
COMPUTER SKILLS Experienced in personal computer use, including the following software: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Outlook, Microsoft OneNote, Microsoft PowerPoint, Photoshop Elements, Nero7, FAME, SharePoint, Bio Star. 
Current typing speed 80 wpm EDUCATION 
2011-2012 Bachelor of Science in Business Informatics (B.S.B.I) 2010-2011 Associate in Business Informatics 2009-2010 Secondary School: Diploma in Business Informatics AMA International University, Bahrain Cumulative GPA of 2.04 (85.99%) 2004-2008 
Philippine School, Kingdom of Bahrain 
1996-2004 
Sacred Heart School, Kingdom of Bahrain SEMINARS ATTENDED: 
The Power of Positive Thinking and Attitude (AMA International University, Bahrain) Human Resource Management (AMA International University, Bahrain) Graphic Designing & Basic Java (AMA International University, Bahrain) 
Time Management (Bahrain Duty Free In-House Training) Developing Retail Leaders (AGM & TrainMe) 
Business Effective Writing (Bahrain Duty Free In-House Training) 
