NITESH SINGH 
Mobile: 9960896141 / 7038039873 E-Mail: niteshsingh56@gmail.com 
Specialized in: Marketing and Sales 
Career Objective: 
To create value for the organization by consistently exceeding sales targets through focus, persistence and determination and by the effective utilization of knowledge and skills including negotiation skills, analytical ability, continuous learning and development. 
Work Experience: 
1. 
Company: Larsen & Toubro Limited 
Payrole 
: Lobo staffing solutions Pvt Ltd. 
Job Title: 
Team Leader- Sales 
Location: Pune and nearby area. 
Work Description: 
Handling Team. 
Responsible for selling the products through Channel Sales Partner. 
Handling Products:- Tripper (MCB s/DB/ELCB/DB) and Wiring accessories (Modular Switches) 
Appoint and manage dealers. 
Responsible for Secondary Sales for DSP s through Building Projects. 
Promoting the products to Builders, Electricians and Electrical Consultants 
Creating Customer value, Satisfaction, and Loyalty by primary & secondary sales. 
Maintaining good and cordial relationship with customer and channel partner. 
Conduct seminar for our product awareness at regular interval. 
Achievements: 
Appointed 10 DSP s (Dealers) within whole Territory. 
Organized 12 ETC in assigned Area. 
Product supplied to top builders. 
Attended 3 days Product & Sales training at L&T s training Centre. 
Duration: Currently working since Jan-2012 2. 
Company: Red card Switches and accessories. 
Designation: Sales Executive 
Location: Pune 
Work Description: 
Responsible for Selling the products through Distribution Network. 
Selling the products to Builders and Contractors. 
Promoting the products to Electrical Consultants 
Products Handled: Modular Switches. 
Built a good client network in MIDC Area. 
Built healthy business relation with major accounts. 
Duration: 1.11 Years (Feb 2010-Dec 2011) 
Internship Project: 
Company: Om Logistics Pvt ltd. 
Project title: To study and analysis of logistics system. 
Work Description: 
Worked as a summer trainee which includes findings out the effectiveness and functions of Om logistics Ltd.,chakan, pune. 
To study warehouse & transportation management. 
To study the material handling process in warehouses. 
To study the Proper selection of mode of transport and route. 
To study the supply chain management. 
To study the time and location factors. 
To study the EDI / web invoicing. 
To study the logistics billing process. 
Duration: Two months. (JUNE 08 - JULY 08 ) 
Education Details: 
Masters in Marketing 
Dr. DY Patil College. 
Pune University 2009 
Management Pune 65% B.com 
IPS Academy, Indore DAVV 2007 56.60% HSC 76.6% DAV Public School 
CBSE Board 2004 
SSC 
50% Jyoti school CBSE Board 
2002 
Computer Skills: 
Diploma in Computer Application from Genext Computer Academy, Indore;2006. 
Operating Systems: Windows98, XP, Vista, Win-7/8 with good proficient in Internet knowledge. 
Packages Known: MS Office 2007/10 (Word, PowerPoint, Excel), Extra Curricular Activities: 
Actively Participated in Foot Ball and Cricket Competition. 
Personal Details: 
Date of Birth: 
27/11/1985 
Marital Status: 
Married 
Languages: 
English, Hindi, Marathi (Beginner) 
Current Address: Sr no 18/1 , PL- 10 
Usha Niwas, Tilak Residency, 
Dewkar park, Pimple Gurav , Pune 411027 Hometown Sonebhadra , Uttar Pradesh 
Strengths: 
Effective Communication skills. 
Ability of effective selling by using selling strategy. 
Highly Diligent and Committed. 
I hereby declare that the above mentioned information declared is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Date: 
Place: 
Nitesh singh 
