BHAVYA SUHALKA 
Contact details: +918890971844 
Email ID: bhavya.suhalka93@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: https://www.linkedin.com/in/bhavya-suhalka-9b112b82 
Looking for an organization where I can enhance my knowledge and from my OBJECTIVE: 
academic learning give my best to the organization. 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
TECHNICAL SKILLS: Intern at CSIR-CSIO, Chandigarh (from 10/8/2015 to 30/4/2016) EXPERIENCE: 
Project Detail: I have Developed Early warning system for grapes disease prediction. In which four sensors was interfaced with smart Embedded System and Programing did in modified c language. For software purpose Arduino IDE, Proteus simulation software and Matlab was used. 
PROJECT: 
Early warning System for grapes disease prediction 
(M.Tech Final Year) Software and Tools used: Arduino UNO, Proteus simulation software, Arduino IDE 
Description: 
This project was develop for early forecasting of disease .in which basically focus on four parameters like temperature, humidity ,wind monitor , leaf wetness. According to risk alert will generate. 
Keywords: Beta regression model, Severity index. 
Maximum Power point Tracking (M.Tech. Pre Final Year) 
Software and Tools used: Matlab. 
Description: This project demonstrates the well-known problem of Maximum Power point tracking in real time system. In this the PV cell is modelled and its voltage-current characteristics and power- voltage characteristics are simulated and optimized. Perturb & Observe algorithm is used. 
Keywords: DC-DC Converter, Solar PV System, Matlab, Perturb and Observer. 
Course 
Stream Institute Board/University Time Period Aggregate 
M.Tech 
Sensor System 
Technology 
VIT Vellore VIT University 
Vellore 2014-2016 CGPA 8.03 
B.Tech Electronics and Communication 
Techno India 
NJR Institute of Technology 
Rajasthan 
Technical 
University 2010-2014 70.67% 12th PCM RMV Rajasthan State 
Board 2010 72.15% 10th - RMV Rajasthan State 
Board 2008 75.83% Programing Language Embedded C,C, Data Structure 
Microprocessors and microcontroller 8085,8051,Ardiuno UNO 
Simulation Software Keil uVision, LabVIEW, PSpice, MATLAB,MULTISIM,PSoC3,FECKO,Proteus 
Smart AC Charging system for Electric Vehicle 
(B.Tech final year) 
Software and Tools used: 
Microcontroller 
Description: This project demonstrates the well-known problem of charging the batteries of an electric vehicle. The basic functions of the system are to record the usage of energy, Generate a bill for the energy consumed, store transaction details and store customer Information. 
Keywords: 
Master, salve. 
Intelligent Transport System 
(B.Tech Pre final year) 
Software and Tools used: Microcontroller 8051 
Description: This project demonstrates the well-known problem of transport. In which on off time of traffic light depends on no of vehicle. 
Keywords: RF Sensor 
(Presented this project For a City at Transport And Infrastructure Congress Expo (TICE) in 
MNIT, Jaipur.) 
TRAININGS: 
Summer training by EITRA-eInfochip Training and Research Academy at Techno India NJR institute of Technology. 
Description: During this training I learnt practical implementation of C language to solve real life problems as in case of solving electronics problems and designed assemble 8085 and Control Speed of dc motor using PSoC3 Board. 
Underwent a 10 days Robotics workshop by KAIZEN at TECHNO India NJR. 
Underwent a 4 days Aakash Android workshop organized by IIT-B. 
Presented project on Intelligent Transport 
System 
For a City at Transport And Infrastructure Congress Expo (Tice) in MNIT, Jaipur. 
Two days hands-on workshop on Lab View held by National Instruments at VIT University. 
Participated in the 10th International SET (Science, Engineering and Technology) Conference with the project 
Maximum Power point Tracking at VIT University. 
Participated in the 9th International SET (Science, Engineering and Technology) Conference with the project 
Real Time Implementation of an angular displacement of stepper motor using controller at VIT University. 
ACHIEVEMENTS: 
Was awarded the 
Gargi award for academics in class-10th. 
Played softball (under 19) at state level. 
Participated in gaming activities such as chess, basketball and badminton. 
Active member of Student's council during school. 
Active Participation in Bulbul and Scout-Guide activities during school. 
PERSONAL INFORMATION: 
Permanent residential address: 29, Bhattiyani Chohata, Udaipur, Rajasthan, India- 313001. 
Date of birth: 20th Jan 1993 
Marital Status: Unmarried. 
Languages known: English, Hindi 
Interests: Adventure sports, Swimming and listening to music, Internet surfing, traveling. 
Qualities: I am a quick learner, a team-player and also calm, diligent and optimistic. 
DECLARATION: 
I hereby state that all the information mentioned above is true to the best of my knowledge and I bear responsibility for the correctness of the same. 
Date: Bhavya Suhalka 
