 Faraz Noor 
Curriculum Vitae (CV): Resume 
Tel: (+91) 9778047747 
Email: faraz.noor80@gmail.com 
OBJECTIVE: 
Looking for a challenging career in IT industry with an organization that will provide me an opportunity to apply my skills and experiences for the advancement of the organization and my continued growth. I am ready to accept any kind of challenges. 
PROFILE: 
Approx.10 + years of Professional Experience in the field of Information Technology with significant skills in Project Management. 
Computer Science Diploma Engineering and professional certifications of PRINCE 2 Practitioner and ITIL v3 from APMG Group and CCNA from CISCO. 
Attained ITIL v3 , PRINCE 2 Foundation and Practitioner Training (APMG Group) from Adept Technologies and CISCOs CCNA & CCNP (Routing & Switching) Training. Managed Team of 15 to 40. 
PROFESSIONAL 
EXPERIENCE: 
Sep 2007-Feb 2015 
Tata Consultancy Services Project Manager/Service Delivery 
/Transition Manager Sep 2006-Aug 2007 
Network Services 
Network Engg. 
March 2005-Feb 2006 Airtel(ISP) DSL FO/Network Engg. 
Aug 2003Feb 2005 
Bhuvan College of Engg. 
Network Engg. 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE: 
Project Management, and Business Change Management 
Project management with PRINCE2 methodology. 
Infrastructure Management 
Life Cycle management Process & Procedure 
Team Development 
Proven Track Record of Full Capability Delivery 
Definition, Management and Realization of Benefits 
Creation and Adherence to all Project Documentation 
Project Analysis and Capacity management. 
Project Requirements Definition and Management 
Project Planning including detailed MS Project plans as well as tailored visual representations to fit the needs of stakeholders Project 
Reporting including milestones, schedule performance index Quality Management 
People Management and Training Development and Delivery 
Communications and Stakeholder Management 
Risk and Issue Management 
Good User of MS Office Suite 
Good User of MS Project 
Conducted Audit for different projects within the Organization 
Responsible for giving the PMR(Project Management Review)presentations for all the projects 
EXPERIENCE 
SUMMARY: 
Sep 2007 
Feb 2015 Company Name : 
Tata Consultancy Services 
Role : Project Manager/Operation Manager & /Transition Manager 
Responsibilities : 
In this challenging role Faraz is responsible in deliver multiple Projects (Both in Shared Model and Dedicated Model) simultaneously. 
This Program is spilt into the following high level work streams: 
Project Management 
Development of detailed Program Documentation (Project Brief, Project Description ,Product Descriptions and Project Initiation Documents for Sub Projects) 
Development and management of the Project Plan (In MS Project Plan) Project Management Good Practices development and implementation including Risk and Issues, Configuration Management, Change Control and PRINCE2 usage Matrix management of multiple projects, multiple Levels of Priority and multiple resources. 
Detailed project reporting including milestone progress, and risk and issues Relationship Management, Project/Program Management, Methods & Tools, and process improvement, large scale people management, Coaching and Training and large scale vendor management. 
Acting as the Project Manager in multiple Projects and responsible for delivery 
MAJOR PROJECTS HANDLED and DELIVERED SUCCESSFULLY @ ONSITE LAN Refresh (JLR) : 6 Million GBP Project: Duration 18 months (DELIVERED IN UK) 
CISCO ISE Roll Out (JLR) : 1.6 Million GBP Project : Duration 8 months (DELIVERED IN UK) AURA Migration (PwC UK): Budget handled by Customer : Duration 10 months (DELIVERED IN UK) 
These Projects were managed and delivered in line with PRINCE2 
Key Achievements: 
Handled as Project Manager for Data Center Migration Projects. 
Handled multiple IT Infrastructure Projects Globally as Project Manager 
Handled as Service Delivery Management for Multi-Vendor Support Services. Act as transition manager for multiple projects/ Account. Handled Pre and post implementation review with stack holders. 
Handled numerous projects with constraints of Scope, Cost, Time, Quality, Risk, and Resource. 
Having Leadership Skill, People Management Experience. 
MOTTO: If you can DREAM it, you can DO it. 
Multifaceted Project Management career with track record of innovation and success. 
Experienced project manager offering success leading all phases of diverse Technology projects. 
Technology Project Manager, having 6+ years and overall 10+ years of rich and varied experience. Managing all aspects of IT Strategy, Consulting, Infrastructure and Application Services. 
Significant exposure to Global Organizational Change Management, Process Strengthening, Standardization, and Cost Optimization. 
Service Delivery 
Faraz was service delivery lead for PwC US and PwC UK account in TCS 
In PwC US handled six towers. Starting from ramping up the team, training, Transition & go live. 
In PwC UK handled four towers. Starting from ramping up the team, training, Transition & go live. This role was given to Faraz as he has proved similar kind of role in his previous accounts. 
Project lead in GICC(Global Infrastructure Command Center). Handing four clients : Xoserve(L1), TataSky(L1, L2), Artillium(L1, L2 & L3) & PwC Canada(L1).It was shared support. There were 18 associated working in all these accounts and reporting to him. 
Tool used : ITSM 
Methodology : ITIL 
Project Transition 
Acted as Transition Lead for the Client PwC US. Took a team of 10 to Tampa, Florida (Onsite) for Transition and successfully achieved it by making the project stable. 
Faraz was a key member in hiring candidates for the project from outside the organization. 
Identified right candidates from existing project with right skill set as required during transition, provided them training, & made them ready for transition. 
Complete knowledge transfer to the offshore team. 
Streamlined the entire project Technology Delivery 
Requirements capture and management Development of technology architecture with the Technical Architect 
Management of the technical solution roll-out Business Change 
Current business process capture and re-engineering using Visio as the process mapping tool Management of joint working Groups and cross business unit dependency management Training course development and delivery Communication and Stakeholder Management 
Stakeholder management of a number of sensitive stakeholders 
Engagement with 3rd party suppliers(Customer Management Or Vendor Management) EXPERIENCE SUMMARY: 
Sep 2006 AUG 2007 
Company Name 
: Network Services Role 
: Network Engineer 
Responsibilities : 
Support maintenance of the site LAN/WAN design and device configurations in accordance with established policy and procedures. 
Closely coordinate activities with the servicing network operation center. 
Observe and report site network performance and capacity issues to the lead engineer. 
Implementing VLAN and assigning ports in the switches. 
Trouble shooting existing LAN/WAN. 
EXPERIENCE 
SUMMARY: 
Aug 2003 
Feb 2005 Company Name 
: Bhuvan College of Engg. 
Role 
: Lab Asst./Network Engg. 
Responsibilities : Configuring and Maintaining of the Network in the campus. Working as an asst. and reporting to a senior. After eight months taken the control of the entire campus as Network engg. And responsible for trouble shooting any issues and maintain the Labs. 
Acting as faculty as well and taking some subjects for final year students. 
ACADEMIC PROFILE: 
Diploma in Computer Science from Department of Technical Education, Bangalore 10th from Board of Secondary Education, Orissa 
TECHNICAL QUALIFICATIONS: 
Completed Prince 2 Practitioner Training from Adept Technologies 
Completed Prince 2 Foundation Training from Adept Technologies 
Completed ITIL V3 Foundation Course from Adept Technologies 
Completed CCNP (Switching & Routing) in Rooman Institute of Technologies 
Completed CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associate) 
Completed A+, N+ courses From Rooman Institute of Technologies 
CERTIFICATIONS: 
Prince 2 Practitioner (Project Management) 
18th Dec 2009 Prince 2 Foundation (Project Management) 
9th Aug 2009 ITIL V3 
July 2008 CCNA 
Aug 2007 VISA DETAILS 
Country Expiry Date 
USA (BV) 2020 
Date: 
Place: Bangalore (Faraz Noor) 
