 CURRICULUM VITAE 
K.S. BHAGAT, 
H.No: 50/753-4, Tagore Nagar, Kurnool-518002, Andhra 
Pradesh. 
E-Mail:- advocatebhagat316@gmail.com 
Mobile :- +91 9014407977. 
Career Objective: 
To Obtain challenging assignments and meaning position where I can put in to acts my education skills and abilities and work for the achievement of goals of the organization and to be excel in whatever I can do. 
Experience: 
Enrolled at State bar council of Andhra Pradesh on seventh day of November 2013 
Roll No AP 2322/2013 and Practicing as an Advocate at Kurnool District bar association in criminal, civil cases and representing them in the appropriate courts. 
Previously - worked as Retainer advocate at corporate law associates for client Shri ram transport finance co.ltd, Kurnool. 
Job responsibility : 
To issue legal notices to defaulters and file suits for recovery Filling arbitration cases at arbitrator and Represent them on behalf of company. 
To take care of day to day matters going in different courts and follow up with panel advocates and assign them new cases (execution petition, cheque bounce cases and consumer forum cases and against cases ). 
Draft and prepare status report make report to state and regional head about progress in matters. 
Provide assistance to corporate matters, provide support service to group. 
Take steps for payments of bills to advocates and consultants and keep record thereof. 
Academic Qualifications: 
Aggregate of 57% in Bachelor of law(L.L.B)from Sri Krishnadevaraya University, Anantapur 
Aggregate of 65% in M.Sc.- Biotechnology from Sri Krishnadevaraya University, Anantapur 
Aggregate of 54% in B.Sc.- (Biotechnology, Botany, Chemistry) from Sri Krishnadevaraya University, Anantapur 
Aggregate of 59% in Intermediate-(B.P.C.) from Premier Junior College, Board Of Intermediate Education, A.P. 
Aggregate of 56% in Board of Secondary Education. Class-X from Govt. Town Model High School, Kurnool. 
Computer Skills: 
MS-Office, 
Familiar with all Windows and, Web Based Applications. 
Personal Skills: 
Ability to Work in a Team Structure. 
Ability to Verbally Communicate with Persons Inside and Outside the Organization. 
Ability to Make Decisions and Solve Problems. 
Ability to Obtain and Process Information. 
Achievements : 
Undergone Training on High Performance Liquid Chromatography (HPLC) and Gas Chromatography (GC) at Digvijaya Management Consultants Pvt. Ltd, Hyderabad. 
Acquired National Cadet Crops C- Certificate with B-Grading. 
Personal Details: 
Name KONDA SHAHEED BHAGAT 
Date of Birth 17th June, 1983. 
Fathers Name K. P.ABHIRAM, Advocate high court of judicature 
Andhra Pradesh and Telangana Gender Male 
Languages Known Telugu, Hindi and English 
Nationality Indian 
Affirmation: 
I assure that the above furnished details are true and original as per my Knowledge. 
Place: ( K.S.BHAGAT) 2 
