Andrea Zapata 
Abu 
Dhabi, UAE ?alzp14@gmail.com z 
+971-55-2169-452 Career Objective Find employment with a company where my skills and experience will be an asset to the business while furthering my knowledge and abilities in the process and enhancing my career. 
Skills and Ability 
Excellent oral and written communication skills Detail oriented and works with high degree of accuracy Computer Literate 
Reliable, Flexible, and Hardworking. Ability to accept responsibility and to make decisions. 
Ability to multitask and meet changing deadlines. 
EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT 
Tertiary 
Bachelor of Science in Business Administration 
Major in Management 
St. Nicolas College of Business and Technology 
MEL-VI Bldg. Olangapo-Gapan Rd. 
City of San Fernando, Pampanga 
March 2012 Working Experience 
Jacobs International Holdings Inc. ABU DHABI, UAE 
Document Controller /Admin Assistant 
Abu Dhabi International Airport Project June 2015 to date Duties and Responsibilities: 
 Responsible for data entry and updating the incoming and outgoing log for all the correspondences, submittals, etc. 
 Perform document filing, archiving, scanning, photocopying, distribution, and record book creation as needed. 
 Responsible for receiving all project related documents. 
 Co-ordinnate with Contractors Document Control to ensure their document deliverables are in compliance with applicable policies, guidelines, requirements and standards. 
 Process and distribute all project related correspondences, submittals and project deliverables in accordance with established procedures and timescales. 
 Provides Administrative Support to the Resident Engineer. 
 Provide clear and accurate responses to contractors and design consultant on all document control queries and issues. 
 Performs other duties and functions that may be assigned from time to time. 
[alzp14@gmail.com] 
Andrea 
Zapata-Pineda 
Loan Processor/ Admin Assistant 
Tri-Financial House, Inc. 
Guagua Branch 
Stall 3 DTM Building 
San Roque Guagua, Pampanga 
January 2013 January 2015 Duties and Responsibilities: 
 Managed loan processing activities as per schedule and in line with company policy. 
 Collection of Loan proposal and ensuring they are processed accordingly. 
 Verifying the accuracy and thoroughness of the loan application along with other related documents. 
 Estimate and assess the financial status of the applicant and cross check this person with the help of the survey agents. 
 Schedule an appointment with the applicants and interview them for clarification of the data submitted on the application, look for any discrepancy. 
 Explain and affirm the different loan repayment modes and help them to select the best strategy coinciding with their financial status. 
 Perform general clerical duties to include but not limited to: photocopying, answering telephone calls, faxing, mailing insurance, filing of documents and encoding receipt. 
 Assists the clients on their transactions & queries. 
 Answer telephones and transfer calls to appropriate staff members. 
 Performs data entry as needed. 
 Performs other duties and functions that may be assigned from time to time. 
Administrative Assistant 
Pepsi Cola Products Philippines Inc. 
Central Luzon 
Sindalan, City of San Fernando, Pampanga 
May 2012- December 2012 Duties and Responsibilities: 
 Updating the list of credit outlets. 
 Finding the lacking requirements for authorized credit outlets. 
 Informing the Sales Manager for the lacking requirements of each credit outlets. 
 Requesting to submit the lacking requirements for the authorized credit outlets. 
 Sorting and filing the charged Sales Invoice, Collecting Receipt and Official Receipt of authorized outlets. 
Administrative 
Assistant (Development Assistance Center) 
Land Bank of the Philippines 
Region III-A, City of San Fernando, Pampanga 
On-the-Job Training July 4, 2011- Oct. 21, 2011 
 Update and chase delegated tasks to ensure progress to deadlines  Coordinate work flow 
 Answer telephone calls  Opening and collecting mails  Arrange essential mail in priority action order 
 Handle all inquiries within my capacity 
[alzp14@gmail.com] Andrea Zapata-Pineda 
Sales Assistant Shirt.com 
Jenra Mall 
Angeles City Pampanga 
December 2007- April 
2011 
Duties and Responsibilities: 
 Remove and record amount of cash in register at end of shift. 
 Accept payment and make change. Wrap or bag merchandise for customers. 
 Assist customers in completing the purchases. 
 Handle refunds, returns and exchange of merchandise. 
 Maintain and manage store room neat and tidy. 
 Follow check list after opening and before closing the shop. 
 Obtain merchandise requested by customer or receive merchandise selected by customer. 
Personal Data 
Age : 25 years old 
Gender : 
Female 
Status 
: Married 
Date of Birth 
: April 14 , 1991 
Citizenship 
: Filipino 
Language Spoken : English, Tagalog , Pampango 
Visa Status 
: Employment Visa I hereby certify that the above information in this data is complete and correct to the best of my knowledge belief and ability. 
Zapata Andrea 
