R E S U M E 
PRATYUSHA P 
M: +91-7036657196/7997488778 
Email: usha0487p@gmail.com 
Seeking inside sales or market research or consulting openings 
Expertise: 
Client Relationship Management Managing customer centric operations and ensuring customer satisfaction by achieving delivery and service quality norms. Identifying improvement areas &implementing measures to maximize customer satisfaction levels. 
Sales Handle presentations, Product demos and interaction with all key people and convince them implicitly, closing the case keeping all the major aspects in front and increased sales growth. 
Operations efficiency Optimizing the delivery process by finding new ways & techniques and increasing the quality while maintaining the low turn-around time. 
Channel Management & Distribution Planning & Developing and appointing new business partners to expand product reach in the market and working in close interaction with the dealers and distributors to assist them to promote the product. 
Team Supervision Monitoring, recruiting, training & motivating the man power and providing direction to the sales team for ensuring optimum performance and enhancing their professional and soft skills. Analyzing the performance of team members for assigning targets on a regular basis. 
Business presentations Presenting the reports to clients and presenting various performance metrics, team deliverables, achievements and other objectives and requirements to top management 
Work Experience: 
LS Infotech 
27th Dec 2015 Present 
GLITTER SOLUTIONS, Hyderabad 2nd Dec 2014 to 10th Dec 2015 Job Responsibilities: 
Orders supervision (lead to sales) of the TIQBIZ application from the dealers. 
Responsible for coordinating with the existing dealers of the company. Updating dealers about the change in product price and new product launch. 
Regular customer interaction, customer escalation handling and educating them know how of the product and its new updates 
Finding new market segments, and targeting them with new ways to convert them to lead and then to sale Dealer operation handling, dealer escalation handling and targeting new dealers for business expansion Training, company policy education and business know how to new trainees and dealers 
Organizing events at the dealers place to target more customers Making weekly, monthly and quarterly reports and presenting them to the management 
Projects: 
Educational projects Analysis of current and future market size of various apps, analysis of available operating methodologies and their utilization and pricing, analysis of utilization rate, cost and benefits, etc. 
Team handling: 
One and half years of experience in handling a team from two to twelve people depending on the scope of requirement. 
Academic Credentials: 
First class B.Tech (Electronics and Communication Engineering) from JNTU, Kakinada, AP 
First class SSC from Loyola English Medium School, Kolluru, Guntur, AP 
