 Career Objective 
To work in a growth oriented organization, which could provide me with challenging work & where I can give my full potential for the mutual growth. 
Roles & Responsibilities 
Team lead with a team of 4. 
Designed and built advanced applications for the iOS platform. 
Collaborated with cross-functional teams to define, design, and ship new features. 
Unit-tested code for robustness, including edge cases, usability, and general reliability. 
Worked on bug fixing and improving application performance. 
Aimed at continuously discovering, evaluating, and implementing new technologies to maximize development efficiency. 
Good knowledge of the general mobile architectures, trends, and emerging technologies. 
Direct client communication and daily status reporting to clients. 
Soft Skills Problem solving ability Team player Conflict management ability Planning and organization Leadership and motivation skills Technical Skills 
Software Objective C, SWIFT, SQLite DB, MS-Office, Netbeans 
Tools Xcode, JIRA, SQLite, Cocoa Touch, Core Data 
Architecture ARC, MVC 
Domain Experience HiTech, Mobility, Healthcare 
Experience Summary 
Project NetRemoteClient Customer Bang&Olufsen (Denmark) Organization Tata Consultancy Services 
Period 15/March/2012-15/December/2012- 9 Months 
Role iOS Developer 
Description Client interaction, managed design, development, Apple Documentation, Unit test case execution. The project as all about net radio fetching and play in to player. 
Skills iOS Development 
Project BeoRemote1.4 Customer 
Bang&Olufsen (Denmark) Organization Tata Consultancy Services 
Period 15/December/2012-15/March/2013- 3 Months 
Role iOS Developer 
Description Client interaction, managed design, development. Project was the next version of BeoRemote1.0 with extra feature. 
Skills iOS Development 
Project 
BeoMusic Customer 
Bang&Olufsen (Denmark) Organization Tata Consultancy Services 
Period 
15/March/2013-15/June/2014- 1 Year 3 Months 
Role iOS Developer 
Description Planned and developed detailed project plans. 
Involved in full product life cycle from design and development to deployment. 
Observed best practice standards in Objective-C. Helped to generate mobile-friendly versions of existing websites. 
Developed and debugged via XCode and Instruments. 
Responsible for bandwidth, memory and performance optimization to reduce total data costs. 
Worked with third-party libraries and APIs. 
Skills iOS Development 
Applications PlanQ, HemMobile, Vaximate NZ 
Customer Pfizer (US) Organization Tata Consultancy Services 
Period 15/June/2014-Till date 
Role Team Lead, Developer 
Description Planned and developed detailed project plans. 
Involved in full product life cycle from design and development to deployment. 
Observed best practice standards in Objective-C. Helped to generate mobile-friendly versions of existing websites. 
Developed and debugged via XCode and Instruments. 
Responsible for bandwidth, memory and performance optimization to reduce total data costs. 
Skills Team leadership, iOS Development 
Experience Details 
TCS Experience 4 Year 10 Months 
Prev. Experience NIL 
Total Experience 4 Year 10 Months 
Passport Details 
Name Passport Number Date of Issue Expiry Date Place of Issue 
Akanksha Khare J7995874 07/01/2011 06/30/2021 BHOPAL, INDIA 
Education Details 
Course 
College/School Board/University Year of passing Marks (%) BE (CSE) 
SATI, Vidisha RGPV June 2011 
76 10+2(HSC) 
Govt Higher Secondary School, Bagbahar CG Board March 2005 78 10 th (SSC) AGBVM, Bagbahar CG Board March 2003 78.7 Personal Information 
Date of Birth 21-September-1988 
Gender Female 
Spouses Name Ankur Shrivastava 
Hobbies Listening songs, watching movies Nationality India 
Languages Known English, Hindi 
Address 58, Gandhi Nagar 
Near Old RTO Office Agyaram Colony Vidisha (MP) - 464001 
