 MOHAMMED RAMADAN KASEEM KHALIL 
Mobile/Contact No. 
0502071366 
Email Address: mohamedkaseem@hotmail.com Occupation in Iqama : General Accountant 
OBJECTIVES: 
Looking forward to join a progressive organization where I can pursue a successful career by utilizing my skills, abilities and experience to the maximum extent with full potential. Being a professional I feel confident that I can achieve level performance which is nothing short to perfection. 
SKILLS: 
Excellent customer service skills. 
Strong communication skills. 
High level of accuracy and attention to detail. 
Good organization skills. 
Good product knowledge and retail skills. 
Good time management skills. 
Good knowledge of accounts software. Peachtree, Tally, Focus, QuickBooks EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT: 
Bachelor of Science in Commerce and Accounting form Asuit University- 2004/2005 
WORK EXPERIENCE: 
Duration: Dec.2014 - PRESENT Company: Bravco Technical Services LLC (DUBAI UAE) 
Position: General Accountant 
Duties and responsibilities Handling Project Report 
Preparing 
Petty Cash In Manual & Computer 
Making Journal Voucher & Cheque payment Voucher In Manual & Computer 
Preparing Pay roll Monthly & Weekly 
Making Statement In Excel & QuickBooks Maintain and update customer and supplier accounts 
Verify suppliers invoices to ensure conformity with Company terms and conditions (receive, register, &Invoices based on supporting documents). 
Scheduling meetings; Handling legal documents and maintain their files; Prepare quotations; Prepare & analyze project reports & update the General Manager on the project progress; Attend phone calls & responding to customer queries, Maintain attendance register & time sheets for the management staff; Maintain a separate file for each employee with their career details, visa and passport related matters 
Reconcile claims against payments for received and non-received invoices BRS ( Bank Reconciliation Statements ) 
Collect and provide periodical updates from the government authorities on all Labour and immigration rules to keep the management abreast of the changes in the rules and procedures. 
- Submit, follow-up and collect all new employment and business visas to ensure that the visas are processed on a timely manner to support the business. 
- Renew, update and maintain all employees and their dependants visas, labour cards, and labour contracts in a timely manner to ensure that companys records are up-to-date in the labour and Immigration Departments. 
- Deal with general enquires regarding PRO functions promptly and efficiently to enhance the level of department service - Provide service, support and assistance to new and existing employees on their requirements to ensure that PR services are provided as required. 
- Renew, update and maintain the trade licenses and other government certificates of all companys legal entities in the UAE to ensure that the documents are up-to-date. 
- Renew and maintain all companys leases in the UAE before its expiry, which includes offices, PO Box. 
- Assist departments in resolving any issues related to company vehicle registration and renewals to ensure that PRO services are provided as and when it is required. 
- Obtain visas from other Embassies in UAE for staff members for their business travel - Arrange processing attestation of employee qualifications as required - Accurate preparation of documents according to the requirement of the legal authorities - Maintain confidentiality and security of company and employee documents at all times 
Duration: August, 2011- Dec2014 Company: Suzuki Saudi Riyadh, K.S.A. 
Position: General Accountant/admin Duties and responsibilities 
Making Journal Voucher & Cheque payment Voucher In Manual & Computer 
Preparing 
Petty Cash In Manual & Computer 
Preparing Pay roll Monthly & Weekly 
Making Statement In Excel & Focus 
Maintain and update customer and supplier accounts Verify suppliers invoices to ensure conformity with Company terms and conditions (receive, register, & Invoices based on supporting documents). 
Duration: August 17, 2008-May, 2011 
Company: Drilco Foundations and Water Wells Drilling (Dubai U.A.E) 
Position: General Accountant/admin Duties and responsibilities 
Handling Project Report 
Preparing 
Petty Cash In Manual & Computer 
Making Journal Voucher & Cheque payment Voucher In Manual & Computer 
Preparing Pay roll Monthly & Weekly 
Making Statement In Excel & Focus 
Maintain and update customer and supplier accounts 
Verify suppliers invoices to ensure conformity with Company terms and conditions (receive, register, &Invoices based on supporting documents). 
Scheduling meetings; Handling legal documents and maintain their files; Prepare quotations; Prepare & analyze project reports & update the General Manager on the project progress; Attend phone calls & responding to customer queries, Maintain attendance register & time sheets for the management staff; Maintain a separate file for each employee with their career details, visa and passport related matters 
Reconcile claims against payments for received and non-received invoices Position: Site Accountant 
Duties and responsibilities Monitor deliveries and invoices 
Administer the petty cash. 
Prepares monitors financial records and monitors all audit requirements 
Assist in the preparation of related budgetary records and reports 
In charged on daily attendance of the employees/staffs/laboures on site. 
Duration: March 2007- Feb. 2008 
Company: National Bank for Development (Egypt) 
Position: Sales and Credit Cards 
Duties and responsibilities Implemented customers service and promotion which include public relations and advertising Post financial transactions including transfers, deposits and journals Prepares financial records for annual auditing and reporting purposes. 
Duration: May 2006- March. 2007 Company: Novotel Sharm El Shaikh (Egypt) 
Position Front Office Receptionist 
Duties and responsibilities Making reservations Giving information about the various parts of the hotel to the visitors 
Attend phone calls and follow the concern mater 
LANGUAGES: READ WRITE 
SPEAK ARABIC 
ENGLISH 
URDU CURRICULUM VITAE 
