S.Vasanthkumar RESUME Place CHENNAI - INDIA 
E-Mail: vasanth_70@rediffmail.com Mob: +919902172056 
Telecom professionals with 26+ yrs of Experience in Telecom-Mobile-Convergence Have worked globally with all Leading Partners, MNOs & MVNOs, Part of on a Leadership roles in Business developments, Presale, Key Account Management, Solution Architect, Delivery Management, Project , Program Management ,Vendor & Partnership Management , Customer Handling etc. Last 11 yrs mainly focused on Global MVNO-MVNE-MVNA business. 
Extensive experiences in Support for Digital Switching Systems (CDOT, Harris, Alcatel etc), Enterprises Solutions (IVR, Billing, ISDN, Video conferencing, ACD etc), Contact Centers solutions for (Davox/Concerto/Aspect software Dialer (INBOUND & Outbound, SIP,VOIP, CTI expertise s etc) and Enterprise Mobile Convergence (Mobile Technology Solutions-GSM, Messaging (SMSC & MMSC) VAS (IVR,VMS,Content Delivery s) OSS & BSS, Roaming Products etc) ,Cloud Virtual Communications Platforms. 
Developing program governance, Business processes, Service support, Service managements, KPI s & SLA etc. Efficiently designed and managed the installation, configuration, commissioning and upgrade of telecom systems. Performed detailed analyses of the capacity, performance, provisioning of customer networks, planning deployment, evolution, and providing ongoing consultation etc. 
Experience of working with Wireline and Wireless Telecom Networks, Streamlining workflow and creating a spirit of team work environment to enhance profitability, innovatively for reputed business houses. 
An effective communicator with exceptional relationship management skills with ability to manage people on business negotiations about to conclude business deal. 
Knowledge Purview 
Possess knowledge on telecommunications from digital switching systems to latest IP networks and ATP / UAT with customer for Products acceptance. 
Deft in MVNE / MVNO solutions (Products like HLR, SCP, Camel Nodes, USSD Gateway, Payment Gateway Roaming Solutions, Value Added Service like SMSC / MMSC / Missed Call Alert / Welcome Notifications, Soft Switches / Media Gateways, Contact Centre Products (ACD, IVR, and CTI-Inbound / Outbound)), Wifi / WiMax installations etc. 
Setting up of GTS (Global Technical Support) / NOC (Network Operating Centre) / Onsite Managed Services team, & helpdesk to handle domestic & Global clients. 
Worked on C-DOT switches [64 Port to 256 Ports and 512 Ports upto 2000 lines (both RAXs and PABX environments upto 256 Ports)]. 
Successfully carried out many installations in DOT (BSNL) Networks throughout India been part of Deployment and Support team, Expertise in working and solutions offering with DOT QA (Quality assurance) and completed TEC / DOT (QA), Product acceptances testing. 
Adept in Alcatel, Harris, Toshiba and BPL makes digital switches (Many Interfaces certificates interactions with TEC (Telecom Engineering certifications of these products). 
Telecommunication system Interface. (PSTN, R2MFC Protocols, VAST, ISDN PRI & BRI, E&M and E1 digital interfaces). Group DID/PABX many installations etc. 
ACCOMPLISHMENTS MVNO World largest & Successful MVNO customer has been rolled out in 21 countries and On boarded More then 20+ MVNO s. 
Multiple MVNO s has been on boarded globally on MVNA business Models 25Million PA. 
Actively interacted with MNO s C-level contacts globally for Commercial, Technical, Interconnections, Roaming, Business, RFI, RFP, Bidding and Projects rollouts etc. 
Successfully supported MVNO customers for local country Legal regulations and Part of each country s MNP rollouts. 
Efficiently worked for Nortel Networks at U.K, carried out Emergency Recovery activity for IN and Services Builders products. 
Effectively carried out the following: ISDN certification in India, Indonesia and Singapore. 
ISDN signaling testing for China mobile, China telecom and Unicom in China, to fine tune the products to support in the regions. 
Prolifically supported related issues across APAC for the Contact centre solutions. 
Lucratively implemented large no s of Projects in Telecom (GSM, CDMA, Fixed line Switching, PBX s, VAS and Contact center solutions etc). 
Productively carried out first wifi - wiMax solution installation for domestic clients, SI carried with CISCO & Motorola Canopy core networks and equipments. 
Global Delivery responsibility for Professional Services, Projects & Account management Successfully delivered Mobile services for multiple countries in Europe, Australia & USA. 
BUSINESS SKILLS 
Handling delivery process starting from SCOPING to End delivery (Scoping, working with MNO, 3rd Party Providers, Vendors, Engineering, Product, QA , PMO, I&I and Onsite ATP (go live), then handing over to Managed services (24x7 Service desk, Mobile NOC teams), Global Products support & Global Technical support teams for Platform Maintenances. 
Championing the direct technical relationship with the customer organisation at various levels / teams (CxO). 
Rendering and providing project support to BPL Mobile on the product/solution trials & successful rollouts. 
FUNCTIONAL 
II nss tt aa lll lllaa tt iiion & 
Commiiiss ss iiioniiing 
Conff iiigurr aa tt iiion off Nee tt worr kk 
Opee rr aa tt iiionss 
II ntt ee grr aa tt iiion off Nee tt worr kk Nodee ss 
Nee w See tt -- upss 
TT ee cc hno 
Commee rr cc iiiaa lll 
Opee rr aa tt iiionss 
TT ee cc hniiicc aa lll 
Supporr tt 
II ntt ee lll lll iiigee ncc ee 
Nee tt worr kk ss 
II nss pee cc tt iiion / 
TT ee ss tt iiing 
Siiitt ee II nss pee cc tt iiionss 
TECHNICAL 
Corr ee 
Nee tt worr kk EE xx pee rr tt iiiss ee VAS 
Prr oducc tt ss Roaa miiing 
Prr oducc tt ss 
Swiiitt cc hiiing 
Swiiitt cc h II ntt ee grr aa tt iiion 
MANAGERIAL 
Dee lll iiivv ee rr yy 
Prr ee Saa lllee ss ss upporr tt 
Prr ogrr aa m Maa naa gee mee ntt 
Prr ojj ee cc tt Maa naa gee mee ntt 
See rr vv iiicc ee 
Supporr tt / Maa naa gee mee ntt 
Clll iiiee ntt 
Ree lllaa tt iiionss hiiip 
Maa naa gee mee ntt 
Ree ss ourr cc iiing & TT ee aa m Maa naa gee mee ntt Mapping customer s requirements & providing best products to suit their requirements, influencing roadmaps, generating business and achieving profitability & Service sales growth. 
Building and maintaining healthy business relations with key account, ensuring maximum customer satisfaction. 
Developing relationships with key decision-makers in target organizations for business fulfillment. 
Well organized, think and act strategically with the ability to judge priorities to achieve corporate objectives. 
CAREER PERFORMANCE 
From Nov 2008 till dates working with Telecom Products, Services & Solutions Company Largest MVNE/MVNO/MVNA PLINTRON- Based in Chennai 
(In a SPAN of 8 Yrs Done Multiple roles from VP-delivery , Program management, Delivery , Account Management ,Technical sales, Delivery Pre-sales, Business Operations , Business Developments. as a Sr.VP) 
World largest MVNE/MVNO/MVNA service providers, which Provides the technology and end to end solution for enterprises mobile convergence (EMC) (MVNO/MVNE/MVNA/Travel and Money Card solutions), the key strength In-house 24x7 Service desk, Engineering (R&D), GTAC (Global Technical Assistant Centre ) and Global Service Operations Centers with Centralized Service Management centre. Complete package takes care of managed the services, so that customers can focus on their core business. Major rollouts carried out in 20+ Countries in Europe, Australia and USA on Full MVNO s for providing converging voice, data and video services, Multiple MVNO s in USA & Multiple MVNO s in Europe/Asia. Its blend of Products based company with Managed service expertises. In house OSS/BSS/HLR/SMSC/IVR/VMS/MNP/Legal Intercept/PCRF/Data Charging products with API interfaces for the Gateway s to provide customer/customer s oppourntity for them to have their BSS systems. 
Current Role Sr.VP 
Business Developments 
Handling Sales, Presales, Consulting , Key Account Managemenet MVNE-MVNA Business Verticals for Global. Carrying out direct and indirect sales, Actvely particpeting in complete MVNO & MNO networking , generating sales leads through Marketing. 
In the Past carried out: Handling Technical sales, Project Management offcie , Delivery Management & Business Operations. 
Past Role: Head of Services, Account Management, Program Management & Professional services Service Network, Incident managements, IT-Infra structures, Datacenters, IP networks and Technical Services Organizations. 
Program Managements/Pre-Sales /Sales support/Commercial contract s. 
MNO s, Vendors and Customer Interactions 
Techno Commercial role for the projects procurements and organizations needs. 
Managing all aspects of a project (project integration, scope, solutions design, time, cost, quality, human resources, communications, risk, procurement and closure (UAT & Handover process). 
Handled Budget of more than 15 Million GBP worth for the Projects purchases. 
Participate in Business/Projects. 
Supporting Commercial, legal teams on Technical solutions. 
Participating in overall technical aspect & solution. 
Projects undertaken: Cloud based Deployment of Full MVNO for Multi country Deployment of IN-MVNO for Multi country (Products covered SCP, Billing, SMSC, HLR, IVR, VMS, USSD GW, Roaming Solutions, Data Services and Network offerings etc). 
Over the Air solutions Mobile applications for VOIP solutions and Mobile applications for Customers to access their customer portals. 
PCRF, 4G rollouts and LTE deployments for partner solutions. 
Projects role outs on Credit card and Travel solutions etc. 
Responsibilities: 
SPOC for Services business unit. 
Requirements gathering, customer interfacing, statement of work finalization, and efforts estimation. 
Generating project plans in-line with customer requirements and company resources. 
Working with Engineering and Enterprises teams to timely delivery on the solutions. 
Working with Products, Business and Tariff teams. 
Delivering the Products on end to end installations, commissioning, testing s and ATP, Handing over to Network and Operations teams. 
Managing Projects, requirements, and Implementations. 
Budgeting for the Projects Opex & Capex. 
Getting projects finally accepted and signed off by Stakeholders/customers. 
Supporting and contributing to PMO methods and processes. 
Handling team of Solutions Architect, Technical Project Managements, PMO s, Project coordinators, Business Operations, Technical Implementations and Integrations team s. 
October 2005 till OCT-08 with Telecom Service & Products company (XIUS-bcgi) Global, Hyderabad, as VP - Global Customer Support & Operations XIUS-bcgi, a leader in delivering innovative telecom solutions for mobile operators and MVNOs worldwide, XIUS-bcgi s Mobile Services Platform is a next-generation convergent platform for Mobile Virtual Network Enablers (MVNEs), Mobile Virtual Network Operators (MVNOs), new entrants into mobile telecommunications and next-generation providers for their core network infrastructure. For more details please refer www.xius-bcgi.com Responsibilities: 
Heading customer support services, which takes care of scoping, requirements gathering, implementations, installations and integrations, global technical support, NOC (Network Operation centre) Help desk and managing services for Global Regions etc. 
Monitoring performance parameters on the implementation & support front and evaluating the same in conjunction with the customer. 
Providing business and technology consultancy to prospective customers. 
Setting up ODC centre for Soft PBX on developments & support services and strong GTS technical support team in house for remote support with end to end infrastructure to minimize the down time and ensuring 24x7 supports for the machine critical systems. 
Managing implementations of 250 K to 2.5 Mn BHCA subscriber base covering 3 circles with centrally hosted platform for SCP - Prepaid solutions / IVR & USSD gateways. 
Responsible for exposing on complete network elements, interfaces & vendor co-ordinations and completing control of solutions deliverables. 
Administering installation of 600 K subscriber base for MVNE & MVNO enabler with 3 MVNO clients and centrally Hosted solutions. 
Liable for SLA, operation service managements, trouble ticket managements and adhering & implementing required process, program managements, VPN, soft switch, wire less networks & IT infrastructure etc. 
Overseeing recruitments, trainings, system integrations & ordering process for the projects. 
November 2003 - September 2005 with Concerto Software (Now Merged company referred as Aspect Software), Bangalore APAC Region, as Technical Service Manager 3 decades of rich experience in Automatic Dialer, ACD, IVRS, VMS, and Inbound & Outbound solutions. In house design, development, manufacturing, implementation & support divisions for the complete call center / IT Solutions Products. 
Responsibilities: 
Supporting the APAC and Middle East customers on Telecom related issues. 
Liable and accountable for project management of implementation of sites in India, professional services management, training & education. 
Coordinating work with onsite / customer resources on their end to end telecom networks. 
Responsible for end to end telecom equipments like Nortel Products (PBX / MUX), Cisco call manager / switches, Avaya, Simens, VOIP GW,s, Ercison, LG etc. 
Performing and carrying out certification (Interface / Type approval) with country wise specification for APAC / Middle East Regions. 
Carrying out detailed study with respect to end to end telecom equipments, bandwidth, service providers, network auditing, and protocols and completing call progress detections. 
Escalating of the issues / planning of resources, bridging between customer, channels partner and management. 
Involved for SNOM (SIP) phone installation team. 
Handling Key Clients like: Transworks, HTMT, iSeva, E-telequest, IBM, Zenta, V-collect, Digital Synergies, Allerserve, GTL, GE, Global Vantage, HCL & international call centers etc. 
April 2001 - October 2003 with Wirefree Innovision Tech (P) Ltd (Now it s called Tayana Software Services), Bangalore, as Senior Engineer Technical Support Responsibilities: Supporting the Europe and Middle East Regions for Nortel Intelligent Networks (IN), CVX - Access Switch (Dial Access, Modem, VPN, VOIP and Tandem Access) and BB - STP for Emergency Recovery Support. 
Managing the patching schedule as desired by the customers by delegating to the team members. Using the resources available, planning the team to work on a rotation for the patching activity. 
Conducting Black box testing for SMSC, RAPID and other value added products like Mobile Call alert, RWAS etc. 
Discussing and coordinating with the marketing, design team and deciding the equipment specification, procurement / developments Carrying out and performing the implementation of SMSC, BulK SMS, MCA, WN and SMS based (On-line lottery projects at Kerala). 
Installing SMSC in Kerala and Mumbai Regions, carrying out Product Verification, Testing / System Integration and field installation / supports of the VAS. 
Supported Major Customers like blu (Italy), NTL, Energies etc., on Nortel Intelligent Networks. 
Projects handled: 1. VAS products SMSC, WN, MCA, and GSM online lottery based on SMS and Applications contents etc (BPL- TN, KERALA & Mumbai Circles). 2. Mobile Applications CellPlus 3. 6 Month EMEA region support for Nortel Service builders products , stationed at Nortel office-London and Supporting their clients ( Major customer like, Digifone, NTL, BLU-ITALY, Energies etc). 
February 2001 - April 2001 with Reliance Infocomm Ltd., Bangalore, as JMC Junior Management Cadre 
Handling a Team size 6 Engineers. 
Responsibilities: 
Working for planning and Last Mile Activity for OFC Network. 
Carrying out complete site inspections (Right of ways for more than 1200 corporate customers). 
Implementing first pilot projects for FTB / MDFs. 
Notable Credits: 
Part of Infrastructure set-up team at Bangalore Tumkur road for corporate office and MSC Switching center. 
Carried out Last Mile Activity for Electronic City area. 
Handled vendor validations for FTB, MDF and execution Team. 
July 1995 - February 2001 with BPL Telecom Ltd., Bangalore, as Area Manager 
Handling Team Size of 28 Engineers and 2 Admin Staff. 
Responsibilities: 
Managing the branch for service, customer support, technical support, product and installations etc. 
Directing and administrating the branch for 3 consecutive years with 150% profits (Service Responsibility for Karnataka and Goa Region). 
Liable and responsible for branch activities (AMC, Service sales targets and Engineers trainings, customer MTTR and monthly MIS activities. 
Accountable for Many VCON & TANDBERG - Video conferencing systems over ISDN, Kirloskar- VSAT, Corporate and GPABX installations. 
Responsible for installing and supporting many filed trails on R2MFC & DID installations. 
Notable Credits: 
Successfully managed around 1200 customers. 
Productively handled the following products like: HARRIS, ALCATEL, TOSHIBA - Digital PBX Systems and KTS, BPL SIGMA Series PBX Systems up to 2000 ports, PC based Operator console, PC based and embedded Voice mail systems Interactive Voice Response Systems and CTI solutions & Enterprise messaging over Internet and leased lines. 
PRECEDING WORK EXPERIENCE October 1991 - June 1995 with United Telecom Ltd., Bangalore, as Senior Engineer November 1988 - September 1991 with WS Industries Ltd., Bangalore, as Assistant 
ACADEMICS 
1. Diploma in Electronics and Communication Engineering Department of Technical, in 1988. 2. PGDM-on Sales & Marketing Management (BIMS-Pune) 
(2008 & 2009) PERSONAL DOSSIER 
Date of Birth : 24th June, 1969 Permanent Address : MIMS North west Apartment, Flat No T303, 3rd floor, 6th A Main, 2nd Cross 
HRBR layout, 2nd Block Kalyan Nagar , Bangalore - 560043 Languages Known : English, Tamil, Hindi and Kannada CTC : 
Immediate 
