CHRISTIAN T. CASTA O 76 Simoun St., Sta. Mesa Heights, Quezon City 0977-819-0147 xtiancastano@gmail.com OBJECTIVE 
To contribute to a company s success and image by using skills and knowledge obtained through over 10 years of experience in the various field of work gained in a growing global environment. 
HIGHLIGHTS Highly motivated, quality oriented and ambitious man. Effective leader and communicator with the ability to work independently or within a team. Ability to learn different concepts and programs due to changes in the business and global environment. Greatest strength is the ability to adjust to any environment and deliver, regardless of pressure or difficulties. Highly proficient in written and spoken Tagalog and English. 
EDUCATION 
DE LA SALLE COLLEGE OF SAINT BENILDE 
1995 2003 
Major in Computer Applications MALATE CATHOLIC SCHOOL, High School 
1990 1995 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Promonetize 
June 2016 - Present 
Email Marketing Specialist 
In charge of scheduling the deployment of multiple email marketing creatives across various email sending platforms as well as preparation and distribution of data. 
OPHIRA WEB 
March 2015 Feb 2016 Project Manager 
Was responsible of setting up online servers, accounts and links, developing strategies, training new employees, delegating tasks, preparing mailing schedules, organizing data, optimizing campaigns and mailing. 
SDI MEDIA PHILIPPINES 
April 2014 March 2015 
Repo Technician 
Create repositioning (repo) and end credit files for various media projects for the US office. This position requires one to have the ability to multitask, work under deadlines, strong organizational skills, the ability to follow guidelines, and an eye for detail. 
Responsibilities included: Learn how to create and reformat repositioning and end credit files per client-specific protocols Create repo and end credit files accurately and in a timely manner for all types of media Operate a computer and connected network drives in a skilled and efficient manner Effectively navigate and manipulate internal files per schedule in an organized fashion Accept and create feedback to maintain a high-level of quality and accuracy for all repo and end credit files Able to adjust to new and changing repo procedures and deadlines as well as feedback from peers, and client directives Works in an efficient manner with the highest sensitivity to production s needs and deadlines Able to work efficiently within GTS and TrakIt Assist with any additional duties as assigned by supervisor, such as spotting, reformats, technical quality checks etc. 
DIGITAL DASH MEDIA INC. April 2011 
Aug 2013 Email Optimization Supervisor/Email Marketer 
Was responsible for the strategy and performance for both scheduled and transactional emails, driving the calendaring, testing, targeting and analysis of all email products across the business. 
Responsibilities included: 
Develop and execute lifecycle email marketing strategy and roadmap across all business units that tracks to department-specific and business-wide KPIs and goals 
Provide leadership and manage the email campaign process end-to-end including: email program strategy, creative, email content / messaging development, campaign execution, analytics, and reporting. 
Develop test plans and apply data driven techniques to optimize email performance including: personalization, frequency testing, messaging testing, offer testing, creative testing, segmentation / targeting and delivery timing testing 
Proactively monitor marketing metrics (open rates/click-through/deliverability/conversion etc.) and provide analysis of marketing campaigns and recommendations for enhancing effectiveness 
Work collaboratively with product and creative teams to develop messaging/content that is both on-brand and takes advantage of email best practices 
Create email reporting dashboards and custom reports based on target KPIs and benchmarks analyzing campaign performance in order to provide actionable recommendations and deliver continuous improvements to our email program 
Look for ways that email can help departments solve problems and accomplish business goals 
Employ a consistent best-practice approach and provide expertise for creating email templates, dynamic content, testing methodologies, list segmentation, deliverability and CAN-SPAM laws 
Stay current with best practices, strategies, and industry standards related to email LOVE ONE ANOTHER SOUND PRODUCTION 
Aug 2009 Aug 2010 Accounts Executive Evaluated prospective clients; consistently maintained and developed good clientele relationships via meetings, telephone calls, e-mails and project proposals. Established and managed day-to-day communications with sales prospects and current affiliates covering multiple departments including system sales/marketing, public relations, and local ad sales. Responsibilities included, but not limited to, new launches, repositions, local ad sales and managing all aspects of affiliate campaigns/initiatives, promotions and in-market events. Positions included operational responsibilities and managed contacts in LOA s internal database and authorize launches. RED NINJA PRODUCTION 
Jul 2009 Aug 2010 
Events Organizer 
Collaborated with Chief Organizer and developed detailed project proposals for clients; Identified and secured all necessary aspects needed like equipments, location, contact persons, etc. Responsibilities included researching markets to identify opportunities for events. Liaising with clients to ascertain their precise event requirements. Producing detailed proposals for events (e.g. timelines, venues, suppliers, legal obligations, staffing and budgets). Agreeing to and managing a budget. Securing and booking a suitable venue or location. Ensuring insurance, legal, health and safety obligations are adhered to. Coordinating venue management, contractors and equipment hire. Planning room layouts and the entertainment program. Overseeing the dismantling and removal of the event and clearing the venue efficiently, and carrying post-event evaluation (including data entry and analysis and producing reports for event stakeholders). 
PAGODA PHILIPPINES INCORPORATED 
Jun 2008 
Jul 2009 Junior Sales Supervisor Implemented effective affairs with government, corporate and educational institutes; Established dealings with clients and agreements for closing sales; Coordinated sales strategies with the immediate Supervisor. Drove through the achievement of sales revenue/profit targets. Presented the opportunities and value of the company s products and services. Built up long-term relationships and developed account plans. Determined client needs and become constantly aware of opportunities to up-sell to an organization. Worked with our training coordinators to ensure our world-class product is tailored for our clients needs. Built up strategic selling, presentation, proposal writing and packaging bespoke solutions skills. Maintained deep knowledge about the company s products, services and competitors. 
TRAININGS & SEMINARS MASTERING THE BASICS: 
May 2003 PLANNING FOR LEADERS AND ARTISTS NETWORKING SYNERGY 
Antipolo, Rizal 
TRADE AND TECHNOLOGY CONVERGENCE 
Nov 2002 
De la Salle College of Saint Benilde 
E-WAY Dec 2002 De La Salle College of Saint Benilde SKILLS & ABILITIES 1. Highly proficient in Adobe Dreamweaver. 2. Highly proficient in Microsoft applications such as MS Word, MS Excel and MS PowerPoint. 3. Excellent communication and leadership skills. 4. Results driven, highly motivated, ambitious and well organized. 5. Computer literate and Internet savvy. 6. Able to adapt in any working environment with the attitude of succeeding under any pressure. 7. Talented musician and skillful guitarist with a zeal for the arts that maintain a professional standard. 
*
References available upon request. 
