Sankalp Pandya 
Email Address: sankalppandyav@gmail.com 
Cell: +91 90 0888 5016 Objective 
To give my software career a solid start by joining in an eminent and highly professional IT company and contribute to the success of that company by outstanding performances and thereby advancing my career. 
Academic Qualification Qualification Course Period 
Academy/ Institute/ University/ Board Percentage 
Bachelor of Science (Information Technology) July 2016 
VIVA College of Arts, Commerce & Science 79% HSC February 2013 
VIVA College of Arts, Commerce & Science 54% SSC March 2011 
Ram Niwas Bajaj English High School 74% Technical Skills 
Programming Languages Java, PL/SQL 
Databases MS-SQL, Oracle SQL, MySql Web Technologies 
ASP .NET, HTML, CSS, Java Script, JQuery, Bootstrap, PHP, Angular JS 
Operating System UNIX, Windows 
Tools SQL Server, Brackets, Net beans, Eclipse, Visual Studio, SQL * Plus, GIMP 
Knowledge In : 
Good knowledge in Java 
Design, develop, and maintain SQL database schemas and scripts, views, triggers, cursors and stored procedures 
Knowledge in building front-end UIs and Responsive web designs in HTML5, CSS3, JavaScript, Angular JS and Bootstrap 
Knowledge in creating SPA (Single Page Application) Knowledge in basic Data-structure and Algorithms concepts Knowledge in working with version control systems such as Git 
Knowledge in UNIX & Shell Scripting 
Project: 
Title: Online Blood Bank Management System. 
Organization: Sarla Blood Bank, Mumbai (Maharashtra). 
Front End: ASP .NET, C#, HTML, CSS 
Back End: SQL Server 
Project description: The system is developed where user can register, check the availability of blood and see the information related to blood donation. The system is created in order to increase awareness about blood donation among people to increase blood donation. 
Achievements 
Presentation on Software Process. 
Presentation on Android Operating System. 
Highly appreciated for my Live Blood Bank Project. 
Extra-Curricular Activities 
Participated in various sports events. 
Participated in Annual Sports Day at school. 
Participated in various cultural events in School and Colleges. 
Strengths 
Excellent communication skill. 
Ability to grasp the new skills quickly. 
Hard-working. 
Excellent knowledge of Core subjects. 
Personal Information 
Language Fluency : English, Gujrati 
Nationality : Indian 
Hobbies : Computer Games. 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that all the information mentioned above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Date: Signature 
Place: Bangalore (Sankalp Pandya) 
Page 2 of 2 
