RESUME
 
Joel Fernandes 971 522441639 
Career 
Objectives: 
To work in a growth oriented & learning environment this can help me to enhance my skills, knowledge & to contribute effectively, efficiently towards the growth of an Organization. 
Professional Summary: 
3years in UAE and 14 years in India of strong experience in Accounts/Finance Department. 
Gained in-depth knowledge in operating Peachtree, Tally 9 ERP , Gallant ERP, Orison Financial software for Accounts and other operating systems - Ms Word, Power point, Ms Excel, Outlook, Fox-pro. 
Understanding and preparing detailed chart of accounts based on business model. 
Good experience in managing and handling multi department/company accounts till Finalization. 
Worked with Construction & Contracting, Trading, Shipping, Recruitment & Hospitality Companies in UAE & India. 
Educational Qualification: 
Graduate in Commerce (BCOM), Specialized in Finance & Accountancy, Mangalore University - April/May 1999 Diploma in Computer Science, Manipal Institute of Computer Education - 1999-2000 Experience 
Presently working for a Production Co. in Dubai, UAE 
(From January 2016 to till date) Position - Accountant General 
Job Responsibility :- Maintenance of day to day accounts - Cash, Bank, AR, AP, Reconciliation of Accounts, P&L of Projects, Balance sheet. 
Preparation of periodicals, MIS, Cash flow etc. 
Bank Reconciliation. 
Payroll Accounting. 
Posting & Preparation of Financial Reports/ Financial Statements. 
Inventory Management/Controlling. 
Preparation of Invoice / Delivery Note / Purchase Orders 
Multi Currency Handling. 
Ageing Analysis - Aged Payables/Receivables, follow up for the outstanding payments. 
WPS - Salary Transfer 
Arcade Star International Construction in Dubai, UAE (August 2014 to December 2015) 
Position 
Accountant General / Finance Controller 
Job Responsibility :- Payroll Accounting and Implementation of Payroll/Accounting Software Tally ERP 9, Peachtree, Gallant ERP, Orison Financial. 
Ageing Analysis - Aged Payables/Receivables, follow up for the outstanding payments Answering customer and supplier queries and solving problems. 
Payroll Accounting / Transfer Salary in WPS/Provisions 
Handling Local LC and assisting for International LC/Documentation. 
Bank Loan Documents preparation and process formalities. 
Salary Transfer WPS 
Maintenance of day to day accounts and reports - Cash, Bank, AR, AP, Reconciliation of Accounts, P&L of Projects, Balance sheet. Petty cash handling Preparation of wage card/Time sheet staff and labors. 
Ageing Analysis - Aged Payables/Receivables, follow up for the outstanding payments. 
Invoicing/ Billing /Multi Currency Handling 
Handling Local LC & Bank Loan Documentation. 
Cash Flow Analysis 
Implementation of purchase process - Material requisition, Purchase order, credit limits etc., Inventory Management 
Salaries & Provisions Vouchers updates. 
Ocean Dolphin Ships Management, Mumbai, India (November 1999 to May 2014) 
(USA Clients:- Norwegian Cruise Lines, Royal Carrabian International, Celebrity Cruises, Residen Sea, Mediterranean Shipping, Star Cruises - Malaysia) Position - Manager - Accounts and Administration 
Job Responsibility - Accounts 
Responsible for enhancement and maintenance of all books of Accounts independently on software 
- Tally ERP 9. Preparation of accounts till the finalization (P&L / B/S) Petty cash / cheque transactions of payments and receipts. 
Bank Reconciliation, Ageing Analysis - Aged payables/ receivables Invoicing, Billing, Quotations, Receipts, Acknowledgments 
Inventory Management 
Salaries, PF, ESI, Vouchers updates. 
Bank dealings - Bank Guarantee, Bank loan/ Overdraft/ FD. 
TDS, Service Tax, VAT and Professional Tax filling. 
Income Tax returns filling as per Govt.Act. 
Posting entries and extraction of Reports and Financial Statements. 
Preparation of periodicals, MIS, Cash flow etc. 
Preparation of Profit & Loss a/c, Balance Sheet of the Company. 
Handling branch accounting by travelling metro cities Delhi, Bangalore & Goa. 
Direct assistance to the CA for Final Balance Sheet of the Company. 
Job Responsibility - Administration 
Preparing Advertisement, handbills, broachers, Visiting Cards etc. 
Delegates Hotel/ Air tickets/ Travelling Bookings 
Data Entries, updates in the Maps software Visa Processing to USA Embassy with official documents. 
Visa Training to the fresh candidates. 
Final Documents preparation for dispatch e.g. Job Letter, Travelling Letter, Contracts etc. 
Transit Visa Processing to other countries eg. Europe Countries. 
Medical Policy reports verifications Planning & scheduling candidates for the Training 
Video presentation to the candidates Personal Details 
Date of Birth: 18 August 1978 
Nationality: Indian 
Sex: Male 
Languages Known: English, Hindi 
Passport Details: 
PP# : J1596174 
Date of Issue :16 April 2010 Date of Expiry : 15 April 2020 Place of Issue : Mumbai 
Strenghths: 
Independent Decision making and application of new ideas. Can work with minimum supervision under pressure Eager to learn new concepts and ready to work hard to achieve the goal. 
Quick to learn and adapt to changes. Detail Oriented. Flexible, Team Player. 
Contact Details: 
Permanent Address: 704, Milan Castle, Datta Nagar, Shakti Nagar Post, Mangalore - 575016. 
Mob: 00971-522441639 (UAE) 0091-8197576583(India) 
Email: joelfernandes704@gmail.com 
I hereby declare that all the above information provided is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Joel Fernandes 
