 NAVEED MUNEER 
E-mail: muhammadnaveed7717@gmail.com 
E-mail:muhammadnaveed.m555@gmail.com 
Mobile: +971-55-8776530 Address: Al Quoz 1, Dubai, UAE (Employment Visa) PROFILE SUMMARY 
Master in Commerce qualified with 3.5 years of experience in the field of Accounts, Finance. 
In most recent I have been associated with Start Point Advertising (L.L.C) as 
Senior Accountant in Accounts Department. 
It is the responsibility of our department to implement sound accounting policies for, Maintaining an adequate and efficient accounting system, safeguarding assets, Authorizing transactions, retaining supporting documentation for those transactions, and devising a system of internal controls that will, among other matters, help in assuring the preparation of proper financial statements. 
EDUCATIONAl DETAIL 
Master in Commerce 
Is lamia University Pakistan Bachelor in Commerce Is lamia University Pakistan EXPERIANCES 
Seniour 
Accountant 
Start Point Advertising (L.L.C) 
(Nov 2015 to Continue) 
Key Deliverables/ Value Addition activities: 
Prepare journal entries complete general ledger operations Monthly closings and preparation of monthly financial statements Reconcile and maintain balance sheet accounts Draw up monthly financial reports Assist with year-end closings 
Administer accounts receivable and accounts payable Assist in preparing budgets and forecasts Assist with payroll administration Review and process expense reports Accountant 
World Health Organization 
(Mar 2013 to Sep 2015) 
During my stay with WHO. I have managing various assignments including: Finalization of Accounts Budgeting, management reporting and ensuring compliance. 
Comparative P&L and Balance Sheet Funds management 
Monthly Cash flow 
Dealing with Banks System development for effective operations Monitoring invoicing, payment and recovery Key Skills 
Accounts Payables 
Costing & Analysis 
Fixed Assets 
Reconciliations 
Payroll 
General Ledger 
Reports Preparation 
Accountant (Internship) 
National Bank of Pakistan 
(Aug 2012 to Jan 2013) 
Key Deliverables/ Value Addition activities: 
To facilitate customers with high level of courtesy and care at front end. 
To perform all duties as a Teller. 
To open bank account of customers. 
To perform clearing and remittance procedures. 
To receive government collection. 
To complete pension and advance process as per the requirement. 
To acknowledge the issues and respond the customer accordingly. 
To evaluate customers concerns and resolve their problems in a professional way. 
COMPUTER SKILLS 
Advance Level Expertise in Oracle R-12. 
Excellent command over MS-Office especially Excel 
Hands on Experience of Accounting Software, QuickBooks, SAP, Tally, Peach tree Awards & Achievements 
Best Student in Commerce from Is lamia University 
Best event Organizer Award by Is lamia University 
Team Leader of Clean Pakistan (NGO) 
All Papers Passed in First Attempt Diploma Of Computer Software s From Vocational Institute Pakistan 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Date of Birth November 9, 1993 Nationality Pakistani 
Marital Status Single 
Languages English, Hindi, Urdu (Native), Arabic (Basic) STRENGTHS 
Strong Leadership and Team Working skills 
Analytical Skills 
Communication and Presentation Skills 
Decision Making 
Hard working and Quick Learner 
Can Do Attitude 
REFERENCES 
Reference will be furnished on demand. 
