 RESUME FULL NAME 
MUKUL DAS DATE OF BIRTH 19-07-1978 STREET ADINGERRI PATH CITY GUWAHATI STATE ASSAM 
ZIP 781011 
ADDRESS WEST GOTANAGAR ADINGERRI HILL SIDE POST OFFICE MALIGAON PHONE NUMBER 
+918011955356 E 
MAIL ADDRESS 
yashmukul@rediffmail.com 
Career Objective: Sales and marketing Representative to obtain a challenging rewarding position in Pharmaceutical Sales. Desire a Job that Provides Opportunity for growth. 
Career Experience Summary: 
BSc. With Biochemistry from Guwahati University Jalukbari Guwahati. 
I have Outstanding knowledge in Pharmaceuticals sales and Marketing to use my skill in the best possible way for achieving the Company goals. 
Enhance my professional skill I can generate dynamic result of Pharmaceutical products sales and marketing. 
With my 13+ years of working experience in Pharmaceuticals Company, marketing to contribute the development and achieving the Company goals. 
I can solving the problem with my excellent skill like leadership and team player qualities, I am Headworker, Energetic highly organized and well rounded with people relationship knowledge. 
Achievement : 
I am always beyond 100%+ achiever of sales in my Territory. 
In the tenure of my service. I was awarded incentive, Gift Voucher. 
and also I was sales 500 Boxes of Antic old Tab. In a month Company was awarded me with 3ph Trouser, 3ph shirts and Rs. 2000 Gift Voucher of Big Bazaar. 
Essential Skills and Abilities 
Team leader should have excellent demonstrated communication skills & selling skills 
Should have skills/competence in in-clinic detailing and dialogue Ability to grasp specialty Parma products and understanding of niche market segments Self-motivated individual with demonstrated planning and analytical skills. 
Sensitive and prompt in responding to customer needs and sensitive to market challenges High level of perseverance and resilience 
Assisted Distributors : 
Handling Primary and Secondary sales Targets, 
In identification of sales opportunities in the market. 
Monitors Distributors in sending marketing and sales action plan Annually to Distributors. 
Seeks out new promotional opportunities for Company Products accomplished high record of sales. 
and ability to overcome complex challenges, strong orientation, in finance and operations. 
coordinates and represents FREE MEDICAL CAMPS in my Territory for advanced Company Image and Proven success the company goals. 
Professional Experiences : 
13Years 03 Months 
17 Days 
Up To 31December 2015. 
Starting From The Latest Is As Below: 
My Present Designation: Business Development Officer. Company: 
Azillian Healthcare Pvt. Ltd. 
From 19 JUNE - 2015 TO TILL THE DATE. 
Previous Job With The Pharmaceuticals Industries Are As Mention Below. 
6 Years And 6 Months 8 Days with Company 
Yash Pharma Pvt. Ltd . 
Designation: 
Medical Representative 
H.Q. : Guwahati 1 Year And 9 Months 15 Days with Company 
Duram Pharmachem Pvt. Ltd. 
Designation: 
Medical Representative 
H.Q.- Guwahati 1 Years And 5 Months 5 Days with Company. 
Frontiago Life sciences Pvt. Ltd 
Designation: 
Business Officer H.Q.- Guwahati 
From 1 6-December-2013 to 28- June - 2015 DURAM PHARMACHEM PVT. LTD. 
Designation: 
Medical Representative 
H.Q. : Guwahati 
Present Company Fixed Pay : 1.8/- [One Lac Eighty Thousand Per Annum] 
Marketing Strategy: 
Researched market regularly in order to keep up with competitors and their products. 
Working in coordination with departmental in Preparing Strategies to promote Company Products in the market. 
Built successful business relationships with Doctors, Chemist and other Healthcare Center. 
Focused on expanding the customer [Doctors] list by Promoting the Company Products. 
Performed intense research before launching the new Products Promotion Campaigns. 
Able to keep up a continuous high rate of cold calling Potential Doctors. 
Taking feedback from Chemist nearby the Doctor Chamber. 
I can easily settle any role and take over the management of an existing client base. 
Building and maintaining Positive relationships with key decision makers. Planned directed and coordinated high valued Projects within the Company. 
Promotion Activities: 
Planned strategic marketing and Promotional activities. 
Estimated budget required to fulfill Promotional requirements. 
Promoted Medicines futures and Qualities to Physicians Professional staff, Medical Institutions, and Pharmacist. 
Through Expertise: 
Able to research and assign sales territory prepare sales strategies, plan marketing activities and implement. 
In depth experience and knowledge in my working Territory and also expertise in my working field. 
Developed and maintained expanded Business with current and new customers. 
Directed sales field and expended its customers base. 
Developed strong communication network with subject leaders such as Physicians, Hospital Store In charge and Pharmacist. 
Sales Action : 
Organized meetings and discussions to present Products and also new Lunching Products. 
Presentations for top class Physicians in order to promote and introduce Company Products. 
Maintained accurate records, including data and contact information of Doctors contacted for future sales purposes. 
Educational Background : 
B.Sc. (Chemistry, Botany, Zoology) From the Guwahati University 
General Qualification: 
Can Speak English, Hindi Assamese & Bangle. 
Course Information and Completed from. 
ELECTRONICS & TELECOMMUNICATION ENGG. DEPARTMENT. 
ASSAM ENGINEERING INSTITUE CHANDMARI, GUWAHATI-781003, ASSAM. 
Technical Qualification: Hardware and Networking Diploma. 
Software Knowledge: 
Computer Application (with Overview of Internet) and Working Knowledge Windows Xp, Internet & Ms-Office. 
Extra Curricular Activities: 
Represent College Cricket Team For Consecutive 3 Years. 
Represented Agragami Club In District Level Cricket Competition.. 
Strength: 
I learn from my Mistake. 
Weakness: I never fell comfortable until my work is done. 
Hobbies: Listening Music & Searching Internet 
Achievement : - I am always beyond 90+% achiever of sales in my Territory. In the tenure of my service. I was awarded incentive, Gift Voucher. And also I was selling 500 Boxes of Anti cold Tab. In a month Company was awarded me with 3ph. Trouser, 3ph. shirts and Rs. 2000 Gift Voucher of Big Bazaar. 
I hereby declare that above statement furnished above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Personal: 
Excellent Health, Highly Interactive, Team-Oriented, Empathic, Good In Communication Principled, Religious, Honest, Hard Working And Have Been A Good Player Of Cricket During College Days. 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that above statement furnished above are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
DATE: 10/12..2016 
PLACE: MALIGAON, GUWAHATI-781011 Signature Of The Candidate 
MUKUL DAS 
