Khaleel Ahamad.P 
Mob:- +91 8884579286 
E-Mail : khalee532@gmail.com. 
OBJECTIVE: 
I am looking out for a challenging job in Digital Marketing field with a competitive environment that offers me the opportunity to exploit my interpersonal and intellectual skills and experience to the maximum potential for the growth of self as well as of the concern wherein I get such a chance. 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY: 
A result oriented professional with over 2 years of experience inSEO, Web Analytics, Social Media Optimization. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
Currently working in Marudhar Arts as a Sr SEO Executive from Dec 2014 to till date . 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Monitoring social media channels for trends and opportunities. 
Handling complete SEO On Page and OFF Page Optimization Process 
Web page analysis(analyzing client individual web pages by using Duplichecker and copyscape for refreshing content. 
Creating XML Sitemaps,Robots.txt ,Rss feed submission for clients websites 
Checking Duplication for Content using tools like Duplichecker,Copyscape 
Configured Robots, Sitemaps. 
GOOGLE ANALYTICS: 
Creating weekly, mothly traffic reports. 
Adding websites in Google Analytics and verifying tracking code. 
Reverse goal URLs and increasing Goal conversion rates. 
Creating URLs and increasing goal conversion rates. 
Continuously monitoring impressions and clicks and making changes in ON Page. 
Meta tags to increase Click through rate(CTR) giving to analytics for other junior executives. 
GOOGLE WEBMASTRS: 
Finding and replacing duplicate metatags, if websites have more webpages. 
Updating sitemap and checking indexation of urls. 
Robots.txt testing. 
Fetching google for non-indexed urls. 
Checking search queries, impressions, clicks, click through rate. 
Project Details: 
www.MarudharArts.com(SEO) www.CashforOldCar.com.au(SEO) www.cashforcarsmelbourne.com.au(SEO) www.cashjunkcarsydney.com.au(SEO) 
TECHNICAL echnical Skills: 
Ms Office : Ms Word, Ms Excel, Ms Power Point 
Search Engine Tools : Google Analytics, Google webmaster Tool ,keyword planner 
FTP Software : Filezilla. 
ACADEMIC CHRONICLE: 
B.TechinCSE (2010-2014) from Visvoda Engineering College, Nellore 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that all the information stated above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Place: Bangalore Sincerely Date : (Khaleel Ahamad.P) 
