 Curriculum Vitae 5 ANUPAM GHOSH Mobile: +91-9449446149/ 9148902877 
Email: coolanupam07@gmail.com 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
To play an active role in the company and to deliver the best by carrying out tasks efficiently in a dynamic environment, so as to set a standard at par with the reputation of the company. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Work Experience Summary: 
Currently working with Inkoniq IT solutions, Bangalore as a Senior QA Analyst, from November 2015 till date. 
Worked with Indium Soft (India) Pvt Ltd, Bangalore as a Senior Test Engineer, from January 2014 November 2015. 
Worked with Pole to Win International, Bangalore as a Test Engineer, from Aug 2011- January 2014. 
Deputed at onsite for Zynga, Bangalore as QA Engineer from March 2012 - June 2013. 
Professional Skills 
Manual testing on Mobile Applications - Android & iOS and Web Application on various browsers. 
SDLC, STLC, Defect Lifecycle and testing methodologies like Functional Testing, Acceptance Testing and System Testing. 
Preparing the Test Plans, Test Cases and accordingly executing them. 
Sound Knowledge of Black box testing. 
Following Scrum Process (Agile Methodology). 
Experience on Google Analytics. 
Basic knowledge of Automation Testing and Security Testing (Charles Proxy). 
Basic knowledge of Performance Load Testing (JMeter). 
Basic knowledge of SQL. 
Hands on experience in Localization Testing (EFIGS). 
Technical Skills 
Testing Tools: 
TTP(Test Track Pro) Milo Jira plan.io Bugzilla Mantis 
Perfecto Selenium IDE 
Selenium WebDriver. 
Operating System : 
Windows XP/ Windows 7/ Windows 8.1 
Project snapshots: 
PROJECT Talentedge 
Company Inkoniq It Solutions 
Client Talentedge 
Description 
An innovative learning solutions provides executive education courses, degree programs, online certification courses. 
Role Senior QA Analyst 
Responsibilities Performing the following activities: 
Focus on the Functional and UI testing. 
Checking Web page load time using the Google Page speed tool. 
Checking Payment transaction flow across all available options. 
Checking Backend functionalities using Content Management tool - Word press. 
Adding contents in backend and checking the update in the frontend. 
Validation for the Mandatory fields in the Backend. 
Validation for the Content size update in the Backend. 
Updating content and checking update in the frontend. 
PROJECT Daily Objects 
Company Inkoniq It Solutions 
Client Daily Objects 
Description India's online shopping portal of custom/designer mobile cases for various devices with COD services available. 
Role Senior QA Analyst 
Responsibilities 
Below mentioned are my activities : Checking the Device matrix for Build installation. 
Installation of build via Test fairy for iOS and SDK (adb) for Android. 
Performing Smoke testing to check the stability of the build. 
Providing UDIDs of the devices to client for provisioning. 
Checking the real time activity using Google Analytics. 
Retrieving and Capturing Crash logs. 
Providing Sign Off after Exit Criteria is achieved. 
Sending mail to client for performing UAT. 
PROJECT TheLallantop Company 
Inkoniq It solutions Client 
Aaj tak Description News website with most viral and social sharing Indian content on the web in Hindi 
Role Senior QA Analyst/Module Lead 
Responsibilities 
Communicating with Delivery Manager for discussion of the Sprint plan. 
Creating test cases and test scenarios as per the Sprint Contents. 
Sending QA Report to client after providing Sign Off for performing UAT. 
Focusing on the CR as per the list provided by the client. 
PROJECT Emirates Auction 
Company Inkoniq It Solutions 
Client EA 
Description Emirates Auction (EA) is a auction company in 
Middle East. The company specializes in automobiles, vehicle license plates, real estate and properties, VIP mobile numbers, etc. 
Role Senior QA Analyst 
Responsibilities 
Focusing on the Checkout Flow of the Application. 
Enabling and disabling auction and checking the plates update. 
Performing Retesting and Regression testing on different servers. 
Sending Daily Status Report (DSR) to team as well as Reporting Manager. 
PROJECT Outlook Magazines 
Company Inkoniq It Solutions 
Client Outlook 
Description 
Outlook India is a weekly English News magazine published in India. Provides latest news on politics, cricket, sports, cinema and business news from India available on different platforms. 
Role Senior QA Analyst 
Responsibilities 
Performing Smoke testing to check the stability of the build. 
Verifying the real time activities - Google Analytics.. 
Reporting issues on Mantis Bug reporting tool. 
Retrieving and Capturing Crash Logs. 
Verifying the subscription status. 
PROJECT Nutanix 
Company Inkoniq It Solutions 
Client Nutanix 
Description Nutanix Support mobile application provides the ability to troubleshoot issues, create and update support cases, research products. 
Role Senior QA Analyst 
Responsibilities Functional and UI testing on both Portrait and Landscape mode. 
Preparing Defect Trend Chart for the different build submission. 
Attending weekly Scrum meeting with client for any CR or new implementation. 
Retrieving and Capturing Crash Logs. 
PROJECT 
Draw Something 
Company Indium Software (India) Pvt Ltd 
Client Zynga 
Description Draw Something is the World's Most Popular Drawing Game. Have fun with your friends and family exchanging doodle art 
Role Senior Test Engineer 
Responsibilities Checking the Device Matrix for Installation of the build. 
Creating and Updating test cases as an when required. 
Reporting issues on Jira Bug tracking tool along with the Crash Logs. 
Providing Sign Off on different servers after testing is completed. 
Verifying Play Store/App Store builds after the Soft and World Wide launch. 
PROJECT Pocket Ages 
Company Indium Software (India) Pvt Ltd 
Client 505 Games 
Description 
Pocket Ages is a captivating town building and trading game that spans multiple eras! Gather resources, crafting goods, and research new technologies to unlock more advanced products. 
Role Test Lead 
Responsibilities Allocation of tasks to teammates. 
Sending Test start mail to client regarding Daily activities. 
Installation of the builds via Filezilla. 
Reviewing of the issues logged in Plan.io Bug tracking tool. 
Verifying Live Build Update. 
PROJECT Caf World 
Company Pole to Win International 
Client Zynga 
Description 
Caf World was a multiplayer restaurant simulation social network game.(FACEBOOK) 
Role Senior Test Enginner/Module Lead 
Responsibilities 
Involved in the Cafe World Transition. 
Creating and Updating Test Cases. 
Attending Daily Scrum and Sprint Meeting. 
Involved in performing Security Testing using Charles proxy. 
Providing suggestion ideas for New Feature implementation. 
Reporting issues on Jira Bug tracking tool. 
OTHER PROJECTS 
E- Commerce - Flipkart Seller, We butter - Mobile App (iOS, Android). 
Bike Booking app - Wicked Ride - Mobile App (iOS, Android). 
Outsourcing - Excelity Website - Web, Mobile(m web-iOS, Android), ipad, tablet. 
Communication Services - Intercall Mobile Meet - Mobile App (iOS, Android). 
Slot gaming app - Huuuge Casino - Mobile (iOS, Android). 
Adventure gaming app - Chimpact 2, Drawn to Life - Mobile (iOS, Android), ipad. 
Combat strategy gaming app - Battle Islands - Mobile (iOS, Android), ipad. 
Social Networking - Chefville, Poker, Frontierville, Gaming Console - Ace Combat, Power Rangers, Dagger Dale. 
EDUCATION 
Bachelor of Engineering in Computer Science from Acharya Institute of Technology (A.I.T), Bangalore. Higher Secondary Examinations (12th) from DCRBV, West Bengal Board of Higher Secondary Education. 
Secondary Examinations (10th) from SAVM, West Bengal Board of Secondary Education. 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Fathers name: Mr. Bhola Nath Ghosh 
Mothers name: Mrs. Rita Ghosh 
Date of Birth: 2nd July, 1986 
Address: B 3/2, Puspanjali Appts, Barabazar, Chandannagar, Hooghly, Pin: 712136, West Bengal, India. 
Language: English, Hindi, Bengali. 
Hobbies: Listening Music, Playing Table tennis, Mobile gaming, cooking. 
DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Location: Bangalore AnupamGhosh 
Date: 
(Anupam Ghosh) 
