CURRICULUM VITAE M.S.JAGADESH 
Door No.302 
Opp: shapur veg market, shapuranagar 
E-mail: marathejagadesh@outlook.com 
Hyderabad 500055. 
Mobile: 09642120394 CAREER OBJECTIVE 
Seeking a position in an organization that provides me ample opportunity to explore & excel while carving out the niche for personal, professional as well as organizational goals. 
Diligent professional with over 7.8 years of experience in Material Management, Logistics& Warehouse Operations with exposure in Operations, Team Management, Material handling, streamlining logistics operations, and Inventory. 
Possessing in- knowledge in SAP MM with keen interest in the domain & excellent knowledge of MS Office. 
Solutions oriented approach with excellent relationship management skills, successfully and consistently delivering responsibilities in the domains of Warehouse Operations, Stores Management, Inventory Control and Stock Maintenance. 
Excellent communicator with exceptional talent for problem solving through analytical thought processes for target achievement and employer satisfaction. 
PROFFESIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Working as Sr Executive in Flipkart India Pvt Ltd as on 16thJuly 2015 to 31st July 2016 
Responsible for all the inventory aspects on the ware house such as PST, GTL , IWIT, TTL and B2B availability, replenishment control and inventory auditing. 
Maintaining optimal stock levels to ensure timely availability of products. 
Involved in daily procedures such as picking, packing and shipping products to vendors Conduct cycle count and do other daily work according to the requirements to the maintain inventory stock Coordinating with Procurement Logistics & operational team Preparation of Daily 
CCA (catalog correction ) report , summary report & seller recall report and Weekly PPT report Updating of Inward and outward register manually as well as in the system with accuracy & ensure full Information is available in Inward register. 
Resolving the issue of Catalog correction area (CCA) with coordination of Business development team and OPS team Monitor stock levels & scrutinize a monthly stock report Adhering to the SOP in operational activities Preparation of Daily & Monthly MIS Reports 
Manage the operations of cold stores product 
Supporting correlated functional activities for smooth operations. 
To attend appropriate training courses to improve and extend skills base as Recommended by the Library from time to time Handling warehouse manpower 
Ensure Zero breach in operations. 
Conducting fortnight review meeting with operational team and Attending review meeting regular with higher official in warehouse Manage the training and development of new recruiters. 
Worked as Assistant operation manager for inbound and out bound in Srinivase logistics P Ltd for HUL product since 17th June 2014 to 30th April 2015 
In charge for Inbound and Outbound 
Support Inventory team on pallet merging and section mismatch clearance. 
Carry out task assignment on RT Operators & ensure effective and efficient time utilization. 
Labour management & task assignments for Material checkers. 
Effective dock door management during loading Follow up with transport planner for timely vehicle placements 
Ensure all truck placed for loading are meeting basic norms of cleanliness of vehicle floor, no open hooks in truck body, sufficient tarpaulin available, rope for lying, case guard to avoid rope damage to cases loaded 
Ensure all vehicle place have & carry complete documents on Insurance / Registration/ Driver Licence and necessary permits (If applicable) Responsible for Inventory accuracy & Invoice accuracy Follow loading guidelines for CSD vehicles 
Support daily, weekly, monthly, Quarterly audits Ensure right picking & loading by all material checkers. 
Review material checker performance monthly & take corrective actions using skill gap analysis Ensure documentation compliance post loading Ensure timely closure of invoicing without late invoicing and DOT failures 
Ensure proper truck entries in SAP & check on the arrivals Download and update in transit vehicle reports Follow BEST FIT process for all the materials and ensure proper stacking norms. 
Carry out QC check of inward materials and ensure to update any Quality issues in materials Ensure proper PKD/ MRP as per the STN 
Responsible for effective utilization of RT contribute to MHE productivity Develop & Train new joinee on the unloading procedures. 
Manage shift wise roster of employees & update on any labour issues to Admin manager. 
Review GIR delays and ensure right controls to be in place Prioritize priority vehicles and unload the vehicles as per the timelines Ensure 100 % put away and cross verify the put away BINS for 100% accuracy Follow SOP for customer returns and courier materials and update to SAP operator for clean GIR process. 
Responsible for 100% GIR compliance Follow work safety guide lines and adhere to the safety policy Worked as Material Executive in logistics site for Greene sol Power service (P) LTD 
For EPC project From Nov 2010 to Sep 2013 Material in charge for 2x70 MW EPC project to BMM In spat Ltd. 
Inventory Management. 
Monitored stock level of material through tags, placards and area demarcation. storages and handled hazardous materials. 
Responsible for inward and outward movements of goods. 
Prepared and maintained hard copy of GRN/MRN, Issue Slip/ Reservation and invoice, challan and PO etc. 
Co-ordinate with upper management for desire results. 
Co-ordination with purchase depts Inspection of parts on receipts / issue of the spares with in reasonable time frame. 
Involved in return & rejection of material ; disposal of scrap and monitored consumption of materials. 
Send weekly reports ( Receipt & Dispatched other Activities) to our Sr. Officer Co-ordination with Transporters for dispatch / clearness. 
Overall Responsibility for plant site material operations. 
Updating records periodically. 
Co-ordinate with contractor of supply the material time to time. 
Assist Mechanical Engineers, for dispatching spares, tools to other site on returnable basis. 
Submitting the bills like supply invoice, export invoice, erection , commission bills and port bills for clear the account of the company. 
Responsible for further ties up with transporter for all pick-ups and deliveries at the Respective locations. 
Conducted quality audit and assorted rejections for re-dispatch to vendors. 
Draw up plans for identification and disposal of scrap material. 
Checking of inward and outward register and proper filling of the entire relevant document on monthly basis to fulfill the audit norm. 
Security & Handling manpower (i.e. lab our) & Maximum utilization of manpower. 
Worked as a Deputy Officer in TVS Logistics Service LTD for period from Aug 2007 to June 2010 
Project: MTU Detroit Diesel India Pvt. Ltd. project, Tathawade, Pune from Aug 2007 to Dec 2009 
Project: MAHINDRA & MAHINDRA Co. 
Kompally, Hyderabad Dec 2009 to June 2010. 
Total Warehouse Management. 
Monitoring & accounting of temporary tools issued and receipt to engineers(returnable basis) 
Proper stacking of finished goods along with damages receipts and identification tags. 
Handling manpower (i.e. Labour, Mathadi) & maximum utilization of manpower. 
Responsible for Inward and Outward movement of Goods. 
Responsible for further ties up with transporter for all pick-ups and deliveries at the Respective locations. 
Accountable for stock reconciliation and stock taking in the warehouse with cycle count method. Send weekly Report (i.e Receipt & Dispatches Other Activities) to our Sr. Officer. 
Proper checking of document like sales invoice, packing list, LR copy , Gate Entry & Stamp, Box condition, Handling all receipts from related Vendors. 
Updating of Inward register manually as well as in the system with accuracy & ensure full Information is available in Inward register. 
Inspection of Parts on receipt / issue of the spares within reasonable time frame. 
Timely preparation of GRN / GI docs. 
Co-ordination with Transporters for dispatch / clearances. 
Monitoring of Slow / Non-moving / Obsolete items, assessment & reduction. 
Overall Responsibility of W/H operations. 
Updating records periodically. 
Maintaining records of all PSD manuals / documents incoming / outgoing. 
Assist service Engineers, for dispatching spares, tools etc. 
Recording of permanent issuance of Tools to service Engineers. 
In charge for material dispatch MNAL Dept inventory Management 
Inbound and Outbound Logistics 
Co-ordinate with customers if any query persists. 
Working on SAP for maintaining transaction and record 
ACADEMIC AND PROFESSIONAL DEVELOPMENT CREDENTIAL 
Material Management (pursuing) from Annamalai University. M.B.A (Finance &Marketing) 2007, C.S.I.RD College affiliated to S.K.University B.com, 2005, S.S.G.S College affiliated to S.K.University. 
Intermediate (C.E.C), 2002, S.S.G.S Junior college. 
S.S.C, 2000, St. Joseph High school. 
Training: 
SAP training in MM module. 
Training in material department. 
Personal Information 
Name : 
MS JAGADESH 
Father Name : 
M prakash 
DOB : 14-04-1983 Marital status 
: 
Married 
Permanent Address : 
Door no. 16/62, subba rao complex, Guntakal 515 801. 
Language known : English, Hindi, telugu and kannade 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Date: M.S.JAGADESH Place: 
