 CURRICULUM VITAE SOMA .S MUNSHI 
Objective-: 
To achieve excellence in public relation management by utilizing my theoretical and practical knowledge for my professional growth and prove to be an asset to the organization. 
Educational Qualification-: 
PGPMM ( Post Graduate Programme in Media Management) ,two year full time programme from International School of Business & Media Kolkata (2007-2009). 
Bachelors degree in commerce, Three year full time programme from Shri Shankaracharya College Sec-6 Bhilai Dt. Durg (C.G). 
Specialization-: 
Public Relation & Corporate Communication 
Working Experience: 
Company: W Five Communication (2009-2011 December) 
Company Profile:A PublicRelations firm, with its forte in lifestyle and corporate media communications. 
Position held: 
Account Manager. 
Company: The Storytellers (Worked till December 2012) 
Company Profile: A Public Relations firm, with its forte in lifestyle and Hospitality sector. 
Position held: Sr.Account Manager. 
Company: Wishbox Studio (Worked till July 2013-July 2014) 
Company Profile: A Public Relations firm, with its forte in lifestyle and Hospitality sector. 
Position held: Principal Consultant. 
Company: GreyCell PR (Working December 2014- January 2015) 
Company Profile: A Public Relations firm, with its forte in lifestyle and Corporate Sector. 
Position held: PR Manager 
Company: GreyCell PR (Working February2015- still working) 
Company Profile: A Public Relations firm, with its forte in lifestyle and Corporate Sector. 
Position held: PR Manager 
Accounts worked on till date:- Wfive Communication 
Royal China - New Delhi - An authentic Cantonese Chinese restaurant. 
Shahnaz Husian Ayurvedic Beauty Products. 
Designer Preeti Ghai Pre-bridal Collection 
Day2Day - Express Retail Pvt Ltd 
Shiv Khera - Author 
Merino Services Ltd ERP Implementation 
Crocs Lifestyle brand into footwear for all age groups. 
The Storytellers 
Xes Caf 
De Villa 
Rajdeep Ranawat(designer) 
Club Czar 
Wishbox Studio 
Accounts (Hospitality): 
Radisson Blu Hotel, New Delhi, Paschim Vihar. 
Zambar 
Ahoy! Asia (Restaurant serving Uyghur Cuisine) Porterhaus (Restaurant premium Steak house) Barrels 
Accounts (Lifestyle): 
Photographer 
The V Renaissance 
Litejoy Electronic Cigarette brand 
Current Company: Greycell PR 
Maspar- An Interior brand 
TIME a leading CAT couching Institute 
Unicel Technologies 
Mega Cabs(Group Mega) 
AQ Shop.com Dr.Ragini Agrawal 
Current Company: VSpark Communication pvt ltd 
Address Home- An Interior brand Funcart.in- e part portal Vedicline & Inveda Beauty product 
Meha Bhargava- Image Consultant TrendyBharat 
Ecommerce lifestyle brand 
Job Profile: 
1. 
Client Servicing 
Giving details of the complete promotion plan offered by the company to the client. 
Also, understanding the business norms and the requirement of the client so as to provide him/her better results. 
2. Media Relations Providing the necessary requirement of the client to the Journalists and pitching the story to promote the clients business. Also, being in regular touch with the Journalists for regular updation of current affairs and also providing them with the story angles. 
Also, sending invites to the Journalists for reviews and ensuring their presence in the business area of the client. 
3. 
Team Management Training and development of team members as per organizational needs. Delegation of task to team members as per their core competency in office as well as clients business area. 
Projects & Live Assignments 
FICCI, FLO interface with commissioner of Delhi Police. 
Base Jumping-Lt Col- Satyandra Verma) Army Adventure wing. 
Valvoline Cummins tie-up with IPL Pune Warrior. 
Embassy of Mexico 
An eye for an eye by (photographic exhibition) Graciela Iturbide and Raghu Rai. 
Press Conference with Mexican Tourism Minister and President of Mexico (UNFCCC). 
Indo Mexican Concert 
Piano Concert- James Demster and Fernando Garcia Torres, Art exhibition- Tatiana Musi. 
Singing Concert- Jaramar Soto. 
Other Projects 
Women Car rally for the awareness of breast cancer protection (2009-2011) 
Edu excellence and IIT Delhi third International Conference. 
Artist Vijay Sharma Art exhibition with curator Alaknanda Saha. 
Genesis by Artist Simran Lamba an art exhibition. 
Merino Services limited collaborated with Infor to launch new ERP academy across the globe. 
Manchester United Restaurants & Bars tie-up with Great Moment hospitality to open their restaurant chain in India. 
Professional Training Experience-: 
6 Month worked as a Public Relation Trainee in Brodeur India PR (T.B.W.A) India (Delhi) . 
Computer Proficiency-: 
First accounting & Tally accounting course. 
Adobe photoshop7.0. 
Internet Proficiency. 
MS office. 
Extra Curricular Activities-: 
Participated in cultural programmes. 
Active member of the Audio Visual Cell. 
The most successful member of FIESTA (college fest) Ticket Selling Team (2007-2009). 
Hobbies/Interests-: 
Listening to Music 
Making Softoys 
Making friends 
Personal Details-: 
Gender : 
Female 
Marital Status : Married 
Languages Known : 
English, Hindi &Bengali 
Contact details : 9717400214 
Email id 
: somasinha.18@gmail.com 
Contact Address 
: W-173,Sec-12,Noida 
