 E-mail: pujandu@gmail.com POOJA DIXIT 
Contact No: +91- 9986429568 
Bangalore 
Career Objective 
Seeking a position in Human Resources and opportunity to make a strong contribution by utilizing and expanding upon related education, skills, experiences and capabilities. 
HR Skills PayrollExit ProcessEmployee RetentionPerformance Appraisal System HR Policies & Procedures Induction 
Employee RelationsRecruitmentSalary Negotiation 
HR Program/Project Management 
Campus Hiring Employee Retention Orientation & On-Boarding Employee Engagement 
Training & Development Performance Management 
PF/ESI 
Employee Grievances 
Career Summary 
A performance driven professional with 3years combined experience in HR Generalist, recruiting, retrenchment and retaining the employees. 
Efficient in planning the organization needs. Proficient in supervising the other HR staff. Proficient in giving valuable decision and assisting the other departments. 
Expert in taking the order from the seniors and giving the valuable suggestions Professional Experience 
Peol Technologies 
(HR Generalist/ Associate) 
July 2015 to till Date 
Guiding the startup and management of a full spectrum of HR operations, systems and programs. Worked with senior management to create HR policies and procedures; recruit employees; create group benefits databases; and develop orientation, training and incentive programs. Manage leave-of-absence programs and personnel records; administer benefits enrollment and programs; administer HR budget; and handle HR generalist workplace issues 
Key Responsibilities: 
Over 3 years of established professional credentials of successfully managing HR Department, Pre & Post Recruitment process, Employee induction, Performance Management, Employee Relations, Training & Development, Statutory Compliances, Manpower Planning, Grievance Handling, IR etc. Developed improved strategies for business process development in close coordination with managers at top echelon of organization. 
Experience of developing employee handbooks in mutual interest of employer and employees. 
Expertise in HR Audits, Competency Mapping, HRM and complete Organizational Development. 
Employee Records, Employee references, documentation, background verifications Attendance management - Biometric 
Leave, absenteeism, punctuality records Exit formalities, full & final settlement Issuing of letters - Appointment, confirmation, relieving, etc Plan & co-ordinate with work activities for employee relations Handle multiple tasks, Time consumption, complete task within specified period 
Employer: Magna InfoTech Ltd, (part of IKYA Group) 
Designation: Senior HR-Consultant October 2014-June 2015 
Magna Info Tech is one of the 'Market Leader's' in the space of IT staff augmentation for the past one decade. Being a part of the IKYA Group, Magna supports the IT Contractual Staff Augmentation needs, for over 232 Blue Chip Companies. One of the 'Forbes's nominated' organization with a growth rate of 40-50% year on year. Together as a Group- a 700 crore turn Over Company with employee strength of 32000 professionals. 
Key Responsibilities: 
Handling end to end Recruitment process. 
Involved in the HR Screening according to the given Business requirements. 
Conducting first level of HR interaction, aptitude and technical tests 
Handling Multiple Walk-ins. 
Building networks to find qualified passive candidates. 
Maintaining a systematic and comprehensive database of all candidates to keep a track of recruitment process. 
Joining formalities & orientation of new joiners. 
Ensure every employee undergoes a structured induction programme. 
Constantly keeping in touch with the employees, giving them the comfort to tell any problems or the issues they are facing. 
Conducting HR counselling & preliminary interview. 
Ensuring completion of all formalities on time. 
Working knowledge of MS-Excel, manage large volume of data, design and present reports as required for effective recruitment. 
Part of Employee Engagement Team. 
Clients I was working for: 
United Health Group (UHG), hCentive, Call Health, HP and IBM 
Technologies Handled 
Testing 
(Manual, Mainframe, Automation, Database. ETL), (MySQL, MS Sql Oracle, SQL DBA, Pl/Sql), IT Security Analyst, Developers (Dot net, Java, Perl, AS 400, Tableau, Informatica, Datastage, Core Java, Mobile, UI, PHP, C#, C++,Mainframe, ETL) 
Employer: New Era India Cosultancy 
Designation:HR-Consultant 
Feb 2014-October 2014 New Era India Consultancy Pvt. Ltd. has an office in Delhi. Its a Large Scale which is growing fast and always looking to hire talent into its current team of 10-50 employees. Follow this company and get updates when company adds info about New Era India Consultancy Pvt. Ltd., its history, its product and services and what they actually do. They will be sharing news & info here and will be freely communicating with all its followers.If you represent this company then add info here 
Key Responsibilities: 
Handling end to end Recruitment process. 
Involved in the HR Screening according to the given Business requirements. 
Conducting first level of HR interaction, aptitude and technical tests 
Handling Multiple Walk-ins Working and handled the administrative tasks of the recruitment department identifying the potential candidates 
Co-Ordinated in hiring candidates. 
Clients I am worked for: 
Wipro ,Aditya Birla,Nokia,Phillips,Emids Technologies,Attra Infotech ,Cognizant 
Technologies Handled 
Testing - Manual / automation - QTP, Selenium 
Microsoft Technologies: ASP. Net, VB. Net, C#, ADO.net, SQL Server 
Java- Advance java, Core Java with struts, spring, hibernate, EJB 
C/C++ 
Data Warehousing ETL Informatica. ORACLE SOA/DBA 
Project Report 3 months internship in NECO STEEL PLANT Bhilai,Chhattisgarh. 
The purpose behind this research is to get an exposure of corporate world as well as working culture by getting associated with research . 
Educational Qualification: Name of the course University / Board / Institution Principal Subjects % of marks obtained Year of Passing 
MBA Mysore University Human Resource Management A+ 2014 PGPBM International Institute Of Business Studies Banking and Insurance 
A 2014 B.S.C. (Bio) Pt. Ravishankar shukla University,chhattisgarh Botany,Zoology,chemistry 
71% 2012 
Class XII S.V School,Bhilai,Chhattisgarh Science 87% 2008 
Class X S.S.VSchool, Bhilai,Chhattisgarh 
All subjects 85% 2006 Achievements / Extra Curricular Activities: Professinal Achievements Got 2times Best Indivisual Performer Awards From Previous Company 
Academic 1st prize in Debate in distict and state level scholarship from science and technology department of government,Dehli 
Participated and won prizes in several quiz. 
Participated in imtex exhibition 
Got chance to work under many scientist from science and technology department,Delhi 
Personal Details: 
Date of Birth : 
5th nov 1990 
Fathers Name : Mr. Sajjan Prasad Dixit 
Permanent Address : Dixit Nivas Home No.324 Prakash flour mill,Nandini road Camp-2, 
Bhilai,Chhattisgarh,pin-490001 Gender : Female 
Marital Status : 
Unmarried Nationality : 
Indian 
Religion : Hindu : 
Language Can Write : Hindi,English 
Can Speak : Hindi,English Declaration: I consider myself familiar with Human Resource Aspect and others also. I am also confident of my ability to work in a team. I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Date : Place: 
Bangalore 
Signature 
Pooja Dixit 
