 Nayanika Das 
Mobile: (0)96749-97204 E-mail ID: Carpe.Diem8457@gmail.com 
INTRODUCTION 
I am a media professional with a curious mind and the willingness to explore and experiment. I possess a keen interest in the development of the self, the team, and the company I work for. I have over 4.5 years experience, largely dominated by copywriting and advertising strategy for digital as well as print mediums, as well as magazine writing and editing. 
Having worked across silos and different domains, related to writing, I have had considerable experience in understanding the craft. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Designation 
Senior Copywriter and Social Media Executive 
Ccom Digital (March 2016 to Present) Ccom is a full service digital agency. In the capacity of its Senior Copywriter and Social Media Executive, my job-role comprises writing copy and content for various social media platforms (Facebook, Instagram, Twitter, blogs, to name a few), Google and Facebook Ads <in accordance to SEO best practices>, websites, apps, etc. I am also deeply involved in creative strategy and ideation. I have in the course of my tenure with the agency, been involved in completely revamping the communication and creative strategy for the pages I write for and overlook daily execution for. Other than that, I have also worked on pitches, and website and content strategy, for many clients. 
The following enlists the clients that I have worked for and the gamut of work associated with each: 
The Currae Group of Hospitals: Completely revamped Facebook strategy and content; have also worked on website and booklet content and blogs. 
Globus: Pitching and subsequently winning the pitch 
I have written website content, Google and Facebook ads (these comprised carousel as well as regular ads), blogs, emailers, and PR articles. 
Edelweiss: Written landing page copies, and Facebook and Google ads in accordance to SEO best practices. 
Tata ClassEdge: Written website content. 
Times Nows NRI of the Year Awards: Written Facebook content, scripts, Google and FB ads, and micro-site and emailer content. 
Hunter-Douglas: Written website content and Google and Facebook ads. 
Cocoa Box: Have been involved with website ideation Blue Whale Academy: Written Facebook, website and landing page content, and Google and Facebook Ads. 
Moneylicious: Was involved in pitching for the client the work associated with the pitch comprised 360 degree ideation for digital media that included crafting a tagline, writing Google and Facebook ad copies, crafting blog strategy and topics, social media strategy and ideation. 
Spherehot: Written press-releases and Google and Facebook ads 
Chintamanis Jewellery: Have completely revamped the Facebook strategy and content. I have written Facebook, Instagram and e-mailer content, print ads and Google and Facebook ads for the client. 
Designation 
Copywriter 
Publicis Healthcare Communication Groupe (November 2014 to April 2015) PHGC is the healthcare advertising division of the Publicis Groupe. 
My job-role here comprised writing, ideation and conceptualization, for leading healthcare brands, namely: 
Sun Pharma 
Sanofi 
Torrent 
Abbot 
Pfizer 
Cipla 
Boehringer Ingelheim. 
The gamut of everyday work comprised writing scripts, coming up with concepts, campaign plans, and engagement ideas for the target audience: doctors, medical representatives, caregivers and patients. 
It also dealt with writing copies for print and digital deliverables: visual aids, flash-cards, posters, dispensers, concept cards, newsletters, mobile apps, websites, e-mailers, brand reminders, danglers, standees, leaflets, pamphlets and giveaways (CDs, pens, mugs, stickers, diaries, post-its, prescription pads, book-marks, table-tops), etc. 
The job also entailed me to conceptualize and plan activities for doctor and MR events and collaterals associated with them. 
Designation 
Associate Copywriter 
DigitasLBi (May 2013 to July 2014) (Also part of the iconic Publicis Groupe) 
At LBi, my job role was all encompassing one that comprised ideation for pitches, for ongoing promotional activities, changes in brand and communication strategy, and innovation on brand pages across social media platforms to ensure maximum engagement with the audience. My daily repertoire of writing encompassed content for Facebook, Twitter; blogs; Google Ads; Facebook Ads, copies for applications, e-mailers, taglines, comic strips, cover-photos; writing and editing blogs for keyword- optimization and writing video scripts. 
The clients that I wrote for during my tenure here comprised BlackBerry, Budweiser, Neutrogena India, Johnsons Baby, Tata Xenon, Tata Venture, Sumo Grande, Sumo Gold, Nicorette, Diabetes Sweet and Simple, Stayfree, Vespa, Cornetto, Listerine, ZeeQ, Siemens, Clean and Clear, Mount Litera Zee School, and Tata Nano. 
I worked on pitches for BlackBerry, Tata Storme and Sumo Grande, and The TATA Motors IIFA. Other major promotional activities that I ideated on comprised the launch of the Johnsons Baby Bedtime Range; Top-To-Toe; the September activity, TeacherMums; the launch of Rainbath a shower gel by Neutrogena, Couple Ideas for engagement across platforms for Cornettos Disc Black Forest and Disc Pistachio, re-strategizing brand communication for Diabetes Sweet and Simple across social media platforms, coming up with ideas for YouTube channels for Neutrogena and Johnsons Baby, engagement for Ganesh Chaturthi for Xenon and Venture and ideation for Budweiser. 
Additionally, I also worked on the way-forward for 2014 for Johnsons Baby that comprised a host of activities across SNS, encompassing the brands theme for the year, The Power of Gentle; the Johnsons Baby AFP; the way-forward for DSS and Neutrogena; the launch of ZeeQs new show, EngineerThis!; engagement ideas for Venture and XenonXT, highlighting the theme, summer; and ideation and content writing for various SNS activities for Stayfree. 
Social Wavelength (November 2011 to March 2013) Designation 
Senior Executive (Communications/ Online Marketing) 
The repertoire of clients I wrote for comprised Kama Jewellery; Royale Play; Shoppers Stop; Organic Garden; Reliance Mobile; Reliance Global Call; IndiaCakes; SARE Homes; Lawrence and Mayo's initiative, Happy News India; Dalmia Cement, IndusFast Remit, and New Cuffe Parade. 
During my stint at Social Wavelength, I chalked out content strategy and copy ideas for the clients I wrote for and supervised, through over 50 major promotional activities, among which were The Kama Loveathon -- the first contest in India that was played through a special smartphone application, Royale Plays Share Your Occasion Tab, Royale Play's Top Fan Contest, Kamas Tagline Contest, Kama's Wall of Fame Contest, The Kama Diamond Quest, IndiaCakes' Top Fan Contest, Happy News Indias Reason to Smile Tab, and The Shoppers Stop End of Season Sale Twitter and Facebook Contest. 
I also strategized and wrote content for Dalmia Cement's CSR initiative, The Indians that India Needs, and for the launch of 'Textiles'-- a collection of wall textures by Royale Play. 
I also wrote and planned content for Kama Jewellerys Community Site a large collection of blog posts that encompassed the myriad moods of love. 
I would like to mention here, that I was promoted from Executive to Senior Executive, within six months of my service with the organization. 
Femina Group (2012 to 2012) 
Designation Freelancer 
Writing articles on subjects like decor, festivals, and weddings. 
Casaviva (2011 to 2011) 
Designation 
Freelancer 
Writing feature articles and home reviews for the decor magazine, Casaviva. 
Hill Road Media for Which?RightChoice (The magazine is the Indian arm of the British magazine, Which?) (May 2011- October 2011) 
Designation Correspondent 
Planning and conceptualizing magazine content. 
Writing briefs and planning the layout of articles. 
Liaising with eminent industry experts for inputs. 
Researching and writing articles and features over a wide spectrum of topics, ranging from consumer durables, new gadgets and gizmos, to a series of lifestyle products. 
Preparing detailed case studies for providing deep insights to the target audience. 
Networking with PR agencies and brands. 
Handling the production process and making changes on layouts. 
Proofing the magazine extensively during closing. 
EDUCATION 
Qualification Board/University Institute % PG Diploma in Journalism Asian College of Journalism, Chennai B+ (High second division 75-79%) 
Bachelors in Marketing Calcutta University Gokhale College, Kolkata 55 H.S.C CBSE Central Model School, Kolkata 73 S.S.C CBSE Ashok Hall School, Kolkata 85.4 Languages 
Full proficiency in English (both written and oral; was first language at school) 
Sound skills of Hindi (both written and oral; was second language at school) 
Computer Skills 
* 
Well versed with MS Word, Power-point and Excel. 
* Have also been trained in Avid Editing and Adobe Audition. 
* Working knowledge of Quark Express. 
Extra-curricular Activities 
* Participated in numerous skits, plays, in school and college. 
* Actively took part in creative writing competitions. 
* 
I love theatre and was part of a Kolkata based theatre group. 
HOBBIES 
* I am an avid reader. 
* 
I am a huge theatre enthusiast and love participating in and watching plays. 
* 
I enjoy sketching and drawing. 
PERSONAL SKILLS 
* Good communication and writing skills 
* Good networking skills 
* Open to learning 
* Honest and dedicated 
* Flexible and adaptable 3 
