 CURRICULUM-VITAE Bharat Mohan Mobile.09818059652 
E-mail. bharatmohanji@gmail.com 
Objective 
Looking for long term middle or top managerial or sales & marketing assignment in a reputed organization in India. 
Professional Qualification 
One year computer diploma in DTP from NIIT, Preet Vihar, Delhi in 1999. 
Academic Qualification: 
B.A. from C.C.S University, Meerut UP in year 1996 
Intermediate from U.P board, Allahabad in 1993 SUMMARY OF EXPERIENCES & SKILLS 
More than 17 years experience in Sales and Marketing, Administration, planning , Quality control, touring , purchasing, vender development. 
Participation in seminars/ exhibition, team building, new product launches and brand promotion. 
Basic knowledge of accounts i.e. Voucher entry, cashbook, ledger, trial balance and balance sheet finalization. 
Can work on Tally & Busywin software and other accounting software. 
Having complete knowledge of sales tax act and can handle all sales dept. activities including form i.e. FORM 31, ROAD PERMIT, Form C, F, etc. Having experience in touring in all over India for sales promotion and appointing of C&F, distributer and dealers. Making daily activity report and monthly report. conducting seminar & sales training program in cities for dealer, user, mechanics and sales team members. 
Release Advertisement for sales promotion in major Hindi and English newspaper, automobile magazines etc. 
Team building and handling with experience, can handle any no. of sales team. 
Having driving license and passport. 
Can work in under presser situation, making strategy and implementation. 
Problem solving attitude and soft spoken with all team members. Having rich contacts in social community. 
Dealer problem rectification at the spot & payment collection from distributers and clients. 
New recruitment in sales department and organize sales training programs for sales Promotions. 
Hand on experience to sell automotive oil, Tools , Bearings , Radiator coolants, Lubricants, Breaking & Clutch systems. 
Rich contacts in various Government Departments i.e. UPSEB, Pollution Control, Fire, UPSIDC .and local administration. 
Having experience in logistic services, material booking in all over India ,insurance claim settlement, road site settlement dealing with RTO officers for sort out dispute matter. 
AUG2014TILL- worked as BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT MANAGER ( sales & marketing) in M/s AG BELTING INDIA PVT.LTD., GHAZIABAD{U.P.} Job Profile. . 
Touring in Delhi, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh, Rajasthan, Haryana , U.P., U.A., M.P. for appointing new distributor & dealer of our company under brand name of DERCO, CONVEYOR BELTS, REXNORD MCC, MODULER CHAINS, CONTINENTAL TIMING BELTS, SWR, V BELTS AND MULER TIMING PULLYSS, . Strategic making and implementation with sales team, fixing sales target, maintain sales stock and Expenditure of sales executive. Implementing credit control strategic. Meeting with govt. official , AND INDUSTRIES making monthly report and reporting to M.D. and GM, 
Appoint new sales executive staff for brand promotion in target areas. 
Analyzing trends and result. 
Making new Dealers, distributors of our products. And secondary sale with dealers and distributors. 
Mar 12 AUG 14 - working as Manager ( sales & marketing) in M/s B M Fast Lube Pvt. Ltd. Ghaziabad 
Job 
Profile. . 
Increase lubricants, radiator coolant & automotive oil sales on national level under brand name of fastorun determine annual unit and gross profit plan thru implementing marketing strategies. Analyzing trends and result. 
Making new c&f, distributors , dealers of our lubricant & radiator coolant product in Jammu and Kashmir, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh Rajasthan, M.P, U.P, Uttaranchal, Bihar, west Bengal, Orissa, Haryana and Maharashtra. 
Nov2009 Feb20 12 
- worked as 
Manager ( sales & marketing) in 
M/s 
Chemical India, Jaipur ( Rajasthan) 
Job 
Profile. . 
Touring in Delhi/ Ncr, Punjab, Himachal Pradesh Rajasthan,, U.P, 
Uttaranchal, Haryana for appointing new distributor & dealer of our company under brand name of Faster Lubricant , Radiator Coolant. Strategic making and implementation with sales team, fixing sales target ,maintain sales stock and Expenditure of sales executive . implementing credit control strategic . meeting with govt. official , making monthly report and reporting to M.D Appoint new sales executive staff for brand promotion in target areas. . 
July 2005 Oct 2009 - worked as Manager ( sales & marketing) in 
M/s Power master Industries, Surender nagar- Gujarat 
Job 
Profile. . 
Handling all india sales of bearing product under brand name of Premier Bearings. Touring all over India. Appoint new C&F , distributor, dealer of our company brand name of Premier Bearings . Strategic making and implementation with sales team, fixing sales target ,maintain sales stock and Expenditure of sales executive. Implement company policy in the company. . 
July 1998 to Dec 2005 - 
Worked as sales manager in M/s. Friction Breaks Pvt. Ltd. Ghaziabad. U.P 
Job Profile. 
Managing the retailer business in Delhi, and northern India . Selling automotive break lining and clutch facing and disc brake pads, under brand name of Anchor meeting shopkeeper and workshop Manager for selling our company product. Lineup with maruti service centers in cities. Appoint new distributors , dealers for increase region sales. 
AND SECONDREY SALE WITH DEALER AND DISTRIBUTERS. 
Achievements 
Increase sales of lubricant and coolant up to 30 to 40 % yearly. Chemical India 
Increase sales of bearing up to 25-30 % yearly. In power master industries. 
Personal details Date of Birth 
-- 4th Dec. 1975 Sex 
-- Male 
Father name. 
-- Mr. Mohan Swroop. 
Marital status 
-- Married 
Present Address 
-- F-82, Nand Gram, Nand Nikunj, Meerut road, Ghaziabad. 
U.P 
Languages -- 
English, Hindi, Guajarati & Punjabi. 
References. 
1. 
Mr. Ajay Wadhwani (ASM) INDORE M.P. 
2. 
Gaurav tyagi. Director in B M fast Lube p.Ltd. 
Ghaziabad. 
3. 
Mr. Abhisek chouby. MACAS 
( Bharat Mohan.) 
