 Ankush Bhatia 
Mobile: +91 8976661231 
Email: ab.ankush@yahoo.com 
Location: Mumbai, India 
Career Objective 
To work in a progressive organization as an efficient certified ethical hacker and demonstrate skills linked with the profile. 
CERTIFICATIONS: 
Course Grade Date of Issue 
EC-Council Certified Ethical Hacker v9 Passed 5th December 2016 Cisco Network Device Administration Proficient 26th March 2013 
EDUCATION HISTORY: 
Name of the Institution Course Percentage Year 
K.C. College of Engineering, Thane Electronics & Telecommunications 67 % 2015 K. M. Agrawal College, Kalyan H.S.C. 63 % 2010 
Lourdes High School, 
Kalyan S.S.C. 86 % 2008 
WORK EXPERIENCE: 
Jr. System Administrator at Idealake Information Technologies Pvt. Ltd. 
11th March 2016 to 2nd September 2016 
Work Responsibilities Include: 
>Web Administration Upload website contents & patches on to around 10 different live website servers hosted on company servers as well as client s servers. 
- Configure web servers as required on IIS7 platform. 
- Modify MSSQL databases and configure them 
- Managing user accounts access in AD. 
- Perform regular system monitoring, verifying the security, integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, and key processes, also reviewing system and application logs. 
- Installation & configuration of Desktop OS and Server OS including Windows, Linux, Macintosh Operating Systems, as well as all required softwares for development. - Research and recommend innovative automated approaches & technologies for system administration tasks that enhanced system security. 
- Troubleshoot hardware or software failures. 
- Manage user USB access, Downloading rights, Websites & Files access as per requirement & security policy of the company. 
Desktop Support Engineer at Reliance Industries Ltd. 
Contracted by Geekay InfoTech from 5th March 2015 to 1st June 2015 
Work Responsibilities Include: 
- Installing and upgrade of Hardware, Software & Network components - Procurement, Assembling and Configuration of IT Assets at 20 locations across Mumbai, Also providing internet & intranet network connections at all locations - User Data Migration, Email Backup/Restore, Configuring WLAN routers - Maintain daily updated Inventory of assets provided at locations. 
- Provide full day IT Support (9am to 12 midnight) on Match Days at Wankhede 
Stadium 
- IT Assets include: Desktops, Laptops, Printers & Scanners (MFD, LJ & IJ), Wireless 
Routers, Switches, Hubs, USB Dongles, Smartphones, SIM, Projectors, DVR, VC 
Television, DVR and IP Cameras of various brands. 
- Support to Cross-functional teams: MCA Police, Mumbai Police, RGSS, DNA, Mumbai Indians Team Players & support staff, IndiaWin Sports Pvt. Ltd., BookMyShow. 
SKILLS: 
Possesses elementary information about various platforms such as Linux, Windows, Unix, etc. 
Well acquainted with the regular Web Server Security concerns and advanced concepts associated with networking Awareness about the use & hand-on with latest vulnerability assessment, penetration testing & security tools. 
Eagerness to inculcate new skills and quickly learn about the latest technological aspects related to information security Soft skills include: 
Analytical Approach 
Leadership 
Troubleshooting & Problem Solving Target oriented & Dedicated towards work Punctual 
ACHIEVEMENTS: 
Scored highest in college in Semester 8 of B.E. and also in the subject of Data 
Compression & Encryption 
Scored 96 Percentile in Maharashtra & 95 Percentile in India at the 10th Annual National IT Aptitude Test. 
ACADEMIC PROJECT: 
Innovative Smart City Monitoring and Control 
June November 2015 
The project monitors Flood Water Level, Inflammable Gas Level, Pollution Levels and Traffic of various areas in a Metro City and also has control measures for the issues. 
INTERESTS: 
I like to play football Technophile: I have a keen interest in tweaking gadgets and their softwares. Also I have a good knowledge about rooting & troubleshooting android phones. 
Internet Savvy: I like to power search the internet and learn new things. 
Personal Info: 
D.O.B.: 05/08/1992 
Languages Known: English, Hindi, Marathi, and Punjabi 
