 To obtain a position that will utilize and expand my current knowledge and skills along with vast understanding and exposure to the finance business in accordance with banking experience, specifically with Accountancy and Administration field. 
STRENGTHS Possesses good interpersonal and intrapersonal proficiency. 
Proficient in English Communication. 
Computer 
Literate MS Office, Outlook 
Basic accountancy software 
Peachtree, Tally 
ERP, Quickbooks and Sage 
Focused, resourceful and creative. 
Can learn new techniques easily and is adaptive to change with flexibility. 
Receptive to customer needs and making sure these needs are fulfilled. 
Easy to get along into a healthy and harmonious working environment 
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND B.S. Business Administration Financial Management 
___________ 
College of the Holy Spirit of Tarlac, Tarlac City, Philippines March 2014 Technical Diploma in Electronics course 
Don Bosco Technical Institute, Tarlac City, Philippines 
April 2010 CAREER 
Assistant Accountant 
Lush Fresh Handmade Cosmetics Dubai UAE 
December 2015 November 2016 
Supervising the company purchase ledger to include all payments made from the UAE, Saudi, Bahrain and Oman businesses. 
Posting all invoices on to Sage and ensuring payments are made on time and with the correct authorisation. 
Making the weekly payment run for all businesses. 
Preparing the prepayment schedule and making the related accounting postings. 
Monitoring and reconciling all petty cash expenditure within our stores and head office. 
Calculating and preparing the company payroll and bonus payments. 
Reviewing and posting employee expenses. 
Prepare the monthly bank reconciliation for all company bank accounts. 
Calculate the turnover rent provision and accrue this for all shops. 
Maintain the cheque payment register. 
Reconciling monthly insurance payments and postings to the accounts. 
Support the month end process enabling the finance team to meet challenging deadlines. 
Accounting Staff College of the Holy Spirit of Tarlac, Tarlac City, Philippines 
November 2014- August 2015 Maintains and balances an automated consolidation system by inputting data Analyzes information and options by developing spreadsheet reports; verifying information Prepares general ledger entries by maintaining records and files; reconciling accounts Answers accounting and financial questions by researching and interpreting data Protects organization's value by keeping information confidential Keeping old accounts and other receivables which must be reported at the end of the month Prepares consolidated internal and external financial statements by gathering and analyzing information from the general ledger system and from departments. 
OBJECTIVE: JULIUS CEASAR P. DAYRIT 
Accountant/Admin 
Mobile: 
+971-50-824-1551 Email: 
jcpdayrit@gmail.com 
Bank Teller 
Banco De Oro, Tarlac City Branch 
April 2014 November 2014 
Accept retail and/or commercial deposits, loan payments, process checking and savings account withdrawals Cash checks. Used Oracle system. 
Maintain an adequate cash drawer at all times; this includes buying and selling currency from the vault as necessary Answers accounting and financial questions by researching and interpreting data Balance cash drawer in accordance with Bank procedures and regulations including periodic batching of cashed checks Keeping old accounts and other receivables which must be reported at the end of the month Process credit card cash advances Assist in ordering, receiving, verifying, and distributing cash Answer customer inquiries and refer customers to the proper service area for issues that cannot be resolved at the teller line. 
SEMINARS ATTENDED Personality Development Seminar (March 2013) Active participation during the Junior Executive Society Selling Activities (Organization, November2012) Entrepreneurial Mindset (November 2012) Oracle (August 2012) International Training Institute (March 2016) 
PERSONAL DETAILS Birth date : 02. November 1992 Nationality : Filipino 
Civil Status : 
Single 
Languages Spoken : 
English, Tagalog Height : 5 7 Weight : 68 KG 
Gender : 
Male 
Religion : Roman Catholic 
Status : 
Residence Visa 
Availability : 
Immediately 
CHARACTER REFERENCES Phill Balcon 
Client Services Executive 
Puzzleworks FS 
Business Bay Dubai UAE 
+971-50-592-4006 Jennie Canlas DSV Systems LLC 
Business Bay Dubai UAE 
+971-56-772-9094 
All information is true and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
