Abdul Razik E-Mail: reach2razik@gmail.com 
Phone: +91-9731842929 
Objective: 
To obtain System Administration role in the field of IT infrastructure where I can utilize my knowledge, education and experience to perform the best, thus contributing to the excellence of my company. 
Professional Experience: 
5 Years and 11 Months of experience as an IT Infrastructure Professional in a Global IT Environment. 
Educational Qualification: 
Bachelor of Engineering in Electrical and Electronics from SJM Institute of Technology, Chitradurga, Graduated in the year 2009. 
IT Certifications: 
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP) 
Windows Server 2003, Windows XP 
Apple Certified Support Professional (ACSP) 
Lion 100, Lion 101 Information Technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) 
Foundation 2011 Completed Training on VCP 6.0 VMWare 
Recent Role : 
February 2015 
September 2016 
Organization: IG Infotech India Private Ltd 
Role: IT Engineer 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Working in a global environment maintaining the IT Infrastructure 
Install, Configure and Manage Windows Server environment Install, Configure and Manage VM Ware virtual environment Install, Configure and Manage Print Servers 
Monitoring the IT Infrastructure via SCOM, OV Live etc. 
Managing Backup environment Patching servers via SCCM 
Managing the Data center Procuring IT Devices including Network gears, Storage, servers, Desktops etc. 
Work with the global team on implementing new projects 
Previous Role: January 2013 February 2015 
Organization: Ariba Technologies (An SAP Company) 
Designation: Systems Administrator 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Install, Configure and Troubleshoot Microsoft Windows 2003/2008/2012 server environment Install, Configure and Manage Virtual environment 
VM Ware Virtualization 
Install, Configure and Manage Active Directory, DNS, DHCP 
Install, configure and Manage Print servers Manage Exchange environment Manage Storage environment Maintain Backup and Antivirus environment Monitor alerts through Nagois, Ground works and Cacti 
Updating/Installing the latest Patches for the servers Working on Change Management and Process Improvements 
Working with vendors on Hardware purchase, Warranty renewal and Support. 
Previous Role: 
November 2010 - December 2012 
Organization: Ariba Technologies India Private Limited 
Designation: IT Support Specialist 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Install Configure and Troubleshoot Microsoft Windows and Apple Macintosh client Operating Systems. 
Create/Manage Active Directory User/Computer accounts and Mailboxes. 
Create/Manage E-Mail groups, Provide access and permissions, Provide File Share access as per the companys IT Policy. 
Configure and Troubleshoot e-mail clients Outlook, Outlook Express and Microsoft Office Suite of Products. 
Support and Manage IT Helpdesk Calls Globally. Provide Technical support over the phone, in person or Instant Messenger as per the requirement and document the IT Helpdesk requests via the Altiris Ticketing Tool. 
Configure, Troubleshoot and support Personal Digital Assistance devices on multiple environments like Apple IOS, Android and Blackberry. 
Patching network ports, Supporting and troubleshooting level 1 network issues. Configure Cisco physical phones and Softphone via Call Manager. 
Purchase hardware, software as per the requirement. Troubleshoot hardware and Software issues, Manage hardware replacements with vendors as per the service line agreement. Manage IT Assets through Altiris. 
Install Configure and Troubleshoot Antivirus software. Support VPN related issues. 
Conduct IT Induction for new hires to explain the IT Policies and Procedures. 
Achievement: 
I was awarded with CorporateIT Rookie of the Year 2011 in my first year at Ariba. 
I was part of the team awarded Ariba Wow award for seamless transition of Office Location. 
I received Hallmark Quality award from IG for IT Infrastructure support provided. 
Visa Status: 
I hold US B1/B2 Visa valid from October 3rd 2013 to October 3rd 2023 
Strengths: 
Good Communication Skills and a Team Player 
I am hard working and Passionate about IT 
Zeal to learn new things with enthusiasm Co-Curricular Activities: 
My hobbies include Playing and Watching Football, Reading books, Listening Music. 
Personal Details: 
Fathers Name: Abdul Raheem 
Date of Birth: 22nd of August 1985 
Nationality: Indian 
Gender: Male 
Marital Status: Single 
Languages Known: English, Hindi, Kannada and Urdu 
Address: #1, 4th Main, 5th Cross, L D Block, Ganga Nagar, Bangalore 560032 
Karnataka State, India 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Date: 
Place: Abdul Razik 
