MADHESH KUMAR L 
Contact: 09994090973, E Mail: madhesh59@gmail.com 
Middle level assignments in Administration and Accounting, Management and Key Account Management with a leading organization 
SYNOPSIS 
A result oriented professional with Eleven years of experience in Administration and Accounting. 
Presently working as an Regional Team leader with Shriram Automall India Limited 
Skilled in overcoming process challenges and making high stake decisions using experience based judgment, strong work ethic and inapproachable integrity. 
Possess expertise in working in multicultural environments with the distinction of understanding & exploring new markets for businesses growth and set up / streamline operations. 
Exceptionally well organized with a track record that demonstrates self motivation, creativity & initiative to achieve personal & corporate goals. 
Area of Excellence- - Administration 
- Accounting - Product Management - Relationship Management - Team Management - Customer Support 
Key responsibilities in the current role: 
Conducting commercial vehicle Auction across Tamilnadu and have sold more than 700 vehicles & Gold in a month. 
Handling large number of customer by the time of auction. 
Accounting and Administrative support for Auction. 
Implementing the new ideas and systems amended by the company. 
MIS to top management and to Inter companies. 
Liaising with Government authorities. 
Periodically reviewing the rules and regulations issued by the Government. Power of Attorney for the company. 
Facilitation Management 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Shriram Automall India Limited since Dec11 
Regional Team Leader Accounts and Admin 
The Highlights 
Conducted 5000 
Auctions in the last five years. Trained 30 junior account officer on software and normal accounting functions. 
Corporate ID creation for new entrants and initiating the process for business. 
Co ordinating 73 Branches of Shriram Transport Finance Company limited and verifying the fund transfer for the specific sale. 
Shriram Transport Finance Company Limited Mar05- Nov11 
Divisional Team Leader Accounts and Admin 
Roles Held 
Cashier, Accounts and Administration Officer, Branch Accounts Head, SBU Coordinator for 8 branches, Regional Team Leader for 13 branches. 
Responsibilities with the role: 
Branch accounts and admin, ESI, PF, Professional Tax, Gold Loan, General and Life Insurance Under Writing, Debenture and Deposits Under Writing, Renewals, Claims, and Online truck bazaar 
Intranet selling 
NR Duraiswamy & Co, Charted Accountants, Coimbatore Aug04-Feb05 
Audit Executive 
The Highlights 
Company Statutory Audits. 
EDUCATION 
M.Com, from Government Arts College, Dharmapuri. Periyar University in 2004 with 59%. 
B.Com, from Vysya College, Salem, Periyar University in 2002 with First 66%. 
PERSONAL PROFILE 
Date of Birth : 
3rd May 1979 
Address : Dhandukarampatti, Palayampudur P O, Nallampalli VIA, Dharmapuri 636807 MADHESH KUMAR L 
