SORAN SINGH 
H.No 501 Phase 10 SAS Nagar 
Mohall - 9056179592 Punjab-160062 
E-mail:-soran.singh@gmail.com 
Intend to build a career with leading corporate of hi-tech environment with committed and dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. Willing to work as a key player in challenging & creative environment Professional Profile 
16 Years in IT Networking & Software Troubleshooting and 4.0 Years experience in Mobile App Development 
Proficiency in C, Objective C and core Java. 
Good Hand on Experience in iOS. 
Looking Job In ios Development. 
Career Highlights 
Organization: WebMob Software solution Pvt Ltd 
Platform/Language Objective C, iOS 9, 
Tools Used xcode 7 Period January 2016 to Till Date 
Description: : 
Develop of the Application In house and switzerland client and for the E-Commerce. And presenting working on the health care application,and completed the AgentMate,Watchout,KahahoApp mobile application for USA client.. 
Responsibilities: 
Design UI of the Whole Project. 
Support making the web services. 
Debug and remove the error in application. 
And design app for user requirement. 
Organization: 
McNewton Solution Pvt Ltd. 
(IT Park Chandigarh) 
Platform/Language Objective C, iOS (iPhone), 
Tools Used Xcode 4.6,Xcode6.1 
Period September 2013 to Dec 2015 
Description: 
By the Lifes app user can do the emergency call and find the location. TravelPedia is travel type app 
In this app user can find the visa for study and travel. Develop of the Application for the USA client and for the E-Commerce. And working on other application such as ,Veggo,MendezFyndspot,bodon this is USA client Mobile App 
Responsibilities: 
Design UI of the Whole Project. 
Work on the database . 
Remove bug from the App. 
And design app for user requirement. 
TravelPedia Apps 
https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/travelpedia/id866033633?ls=1&mt=8 
Lifes On Apps https://itunes.apple.com/us/app/lifes-on/id836533574?ls=1&mt=8 Weather httpshttps://itunes.apple.com/us/app/mcweather/id893573146?ls=1&mt=8 
Organization: 
Indianmesh Pvt Ltd. Platform/Language Objective C, iOS (iPhone), 
Tools Used Xcode 4.5 Period November 2012 to September 2013 
Description: : 
By This Application user can take pic of hotel,park MinkMe Chatiing App etc and upload this image to the Server And also can see these places on the map-view and can search. 
Responsibilities: 
Design UI of the Whole Project. 
Check the Feasibility of my Module. 
MinkMe apps,Social Echo 
Organization: Broadcasting Engineering Consultant India Ltd Designation: Project Manager 
Client: National Technical Research Organization (NTRO). 
Period July 2007 to 15 November 2012 
Job Profile: Providing 24*7 Support for the complex Radio Monitoring Software running on 
Suse linux server and implement on 100 Linux client and windows client in CMS Location, I am responsible for following tasks. 
Installation and Configuration of Monitoring software on suse Linux Desktop. 
We have Red hat and Windows platform for OS level. 
We are software troubleshooting writing in C++,Cobol for the Mobile Server 
Configure 
Customize software and make modification according to the client Managing and troubleshooting in the customize Application. 
Created innovative applications for iPhone platforms for Location finder. 
Company Profile: Broadcast Engineering Consultant India Ltd. (BECIL), a Govt. of India Enterprise, It provide world class consultancy services and also undertakes turnkey jobs in the specialized fields of Broadcast Engineering and Information Technology we delivers real results to global businesses. BECIL also provide service in establishment of FM Radio Stations 
Satellite Systems Terrestrial Transmitters International Sports Production 
Development of Customize Software for TV Channels Wire line Broadcasting 
Organization: RT Outsourcing Services Ltd New Delhi 
Designation: 
Sr. Customer Support Engineer. 
Client: DHL Express (India Ltd) 
Period: December 2004 to July 2007. 
Job Profile: Handling Total no. of Hardware asset 250 PC ,Administering HP-Unix Servers and Responsible for configuring Microsoft 
Exchange server 2003 on client end Handling the Different Network Printer, Customize Handling the LTS and Terminal Software, Recertification of Sales related software. Responsibility of Monitoring PcGop Database application Responsibility of monitoring and troubleshooting Line Printer Responsibility of update Symantec antivirus and patches 
Server Management Win 2000, Win 2000 advance server and win 2003 servers. Network Management Layer 2 ten switches. 
Company Profile: 
RT engages as a partner to Fortune 500 companies in IT, Telecom and Management end to end technical support, customer care warranty services And solution of Information Technology like software development, Maintaining warranty and annual contracts, marketing, servicing, in Government, Public and Multinational Companies . 
Organization: 
iGATE Global Solution Ltd. Noida (UP) 
Designation: Customer Support Engineer. 
Client : Franklin Templeton & AFL Wiz 
Period: 
Aug 2002 to Nov 2004. 
Job profile: Handling total no. of Hardware Asset 150 Pc and Laptop Installation of Netscape mail server, Network switch, configuring , Installation and configuration of VPN client, Solving the Domain Login related Problem. Providing Solution of desktop and Network Related problem Taking backup of mail and troubleshooting of Netscape mail Clients. Installation & Configuration of Windows 2000 Professional, Windows 2000 Advance Server, Windows XP, Windows 98/95, Windows me. Installation of MS-Exchange Server 2000, Configuration of Virtual Protocols like SMTP, POP3. Creation & assigning size of Mailbox, Public Folder, taking . Managing the total LAN set up. Configuration of Email Profile for user. 
Company Profile: 
iGATE Global Solutions services include consulting, IT Services, Data Analytics, Enterprise Systems, BPO/BSP, Contact Center and Infrastructure Management Services, And a Software development company Based in Banglore.Providing customer software the user. 
Organization: Peripheral Point New Delhi 
Designation: Customer Support Engineer. 
Period: 
Aug 1998 to Aug2002. 
Job profile: Installation of window 9x,window NT workstation and system integration, and IT peripheral support Installation of printer and system. 
Organization: S D Computer Ltd New Delhi. 
Designation: Service Engineer. 
Period: 
May 1995 to Aug1998. 
Job profile: 
Installation of window 9x.window Me ,window NT workstation and system integration, and IT peripheral support Installation of Dot matrix printer and system. 
Company Profile: 
S D Computer is distributor of Epson DeskJet printer and Samsung Monitor System Integrator and provide IT solution. 
Technical Certifications 
Done iPhone development Course From Webcom Technology Chandigarh 
Redhat Certified Engineer (RHCE) 
From Network Nut South Delhi Centre 
PGDCA in Computer software from Welkin Training Institute. 
Microsoft Certified Professional (MCP).. Educational Qualification 
B.E (A.M.I.E) :- Electronics & Telecommunications 
From The Institution of Engineers (India) Year-1994 
Sr. Sec. from U. P Board Allahabad Year-1987 
High School U.P Board Allahabad Year-1985 
Pursuing Master in Business administration from IGNOU Centre Distance Learning, New Delhi 
Personal Information 
Fathers Name : 
Sh. Jagdish Singh Date of Birth : 15Th 
May 1969 
Marital Status : Married (Soran Singh) 
