 1 A.DEEPA #8/1, Milk Man 
B Street, Nanjappa Circle, Langford Town, Shanti Nagar, Bangalore 560 025 
Mobile No: 9880971961, 9945366988 Email - deeharan@gmail.com 
OBJECTIVE 
A dynamic professional seeking challenges and willing to exhibit skills looking forward to be associated with a progressive organization where there is scope to utilize the skills and be part of a team that works towards the growth of the organization. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Company: BIOBASE A QIAGEN Company, Bangalore. 
Job title: Inside Sales Executive. 
Period: 2012 Mar-Till Date. 
Source new sales opportunities through inbound lead follow up and outbound cold calls and emails with regular follow ups. Understanding the customer needs and requirements. Handled 
EMEA and AMR sales and global renewals. 
Research on accounts and contacts to identify key prospect and generate leads. Team up with business partners to build pipeline and close deals. Route qualified sales opportunities to the team member responsible to further development and closure. 
Generating and working with leads, handling opportunities, sales quotes, purchase orders and invoices. Maintain accurate and complete sales forecasts, data gathering and reports for team Managers. 
Assist in performing online demos to the prospect and close sales by achieving quarterly targets. 
Conduct Post Sale Follow Up through calls and emails to customer to ensure welcome letter and contract start date are correct and completion of the licensing process in coordination with the service. 
Experienced in working with CRM software s such as Sales force & SAP Business By Design and experienced in training the team on the same. 
Handled licensing in coordination with sales and order to cash OTC FAQ project on sales force. 
2 
Company: VIA.COM, Bangalore. 
Job title: Travel Consultant. 
Period: 2010-Nov-2011 Nov. 
Handled Hotel sales B to B process, worked on escalating channel partners complaints and suggestions, verifications and retentions. 
Calls on prospects to analyses requirement and outlines available hotel facilities and services offered, and quote prices. 
Quality check and tracking of emails, payments, sold out, escalating calls and providing franchisee support. 
Responsible for maintaining daily statistics and tracking reports on day to day basis to achieve the set target. 
Company: SIEMENS Industrial turbomachinery services, Bangalore. 
Job title: Admin Coordinator. 
Period: 2006 Sept -2008 Sept. 
Vendor Management - Assist in Identifying strong vendor relationships that is reliable and Cost. 
Effective and Coordinating with Vendors and service providers for Purchases and maintenance. 
Preparing BOQ, Quotations, Invoices, PO, Reports, Memos, Letters, Financial Statements and other documents. 
Coordinating on travel and accommodations, catering and other necessary arrangements for guests and during occasions. 
Arrange and participate in team activities, events and team outing. 
Oversee housekeeping responsibility and requirements in order to maintain complete discipline in the office. 
Handling routine office correspondence, Emails and other administration activities. 
EDUCATION 
Master of business administration: University of madras, pursuing. 
Bachelor of commerce: HCW Women s College, Bangalore University, 2006, 61%. 
Travel and Tourism Management (TTM), Vocational degree, Bangalore University. 
Higher secondary education: St. Anne s, Bangalore University, 2003 with 60%. High school education: St. Anne s, Bangalore University, 2001 with 77%. 
3 COMPUTER PROFICIENCY SAP Business by Design. 
Sales force/ACT CRM tool. 
Operating Systems: XP, Windows. 
Language: TALLY V4.5, COBAL. 
Others: MS Office. 
CURRICULUM PROJECT 
Delhi tour project in the year 2005 
A project on travel Aid in the year 2006 
A project on tirupathi in the year 2006 
On the job training (New worldwide travels) 
COMPETENCIES 
Fast learner, adapt well to changes and pressure in work place. 
Proactive and self-motivated. 
Work effectively with diverse groups of people. 
Ready to take any challenge at work and get trained to improve my working skill. 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Father Name :S.Anbu 
Spouse : Shivprasad 
Son :Haran Ayush 
Date of Birth : 30th May 1984 
Gender : 
Female 
Nationality : 
Indian 
Marital Status : Married 
Language known: English, Hindi, Kannada, Tamil, Telugu and Malayalam. 
DECLARATION 
I confirm that the information provided by me is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. I am also confident of my ability to work in a team. 
Signature, DEEPA 
