 RESUME RITU DASS 
Mangol Puri, New Delhi - 83 
Contact : 
8376865150 / 9 910080998 
E-mail : 
ritudass1991@gmail.com 
OBJECTIVE 
Seeking a challenging position in a reputed organization which provides opportunities for professional growth and advancement, and utilize the experience acquired in becoming a valuable team member in the field of human resource. 
PROFILE 
Academically astute individual offering in-depth academic knowledge, practical project exposure and an effective analytical ability augmenting a highly creative and expressive mind. 
Self-motivated, hardworking and goal-oriented with a high degree of flexibility, creativity, resourcefulness, commitment and optimism Result oriented individual with strong analytical and interpersonal skills and a quick learner with high levels of adaptability and ability to take initiative. 
Good communication skills, verbal as well as written coupled with exceptional presentation skills. 
An effective team player with exceptional planning and execution skills coupled with a systematic approach and quick adaptability 
EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS 
Applied for MBA 
Name of Graduation degree: BA in 2014 from Shobhit University. 
Class XII in 2009 in commerce from Kendriya vidhaylaya. 
Class X in 2007 from Kendriya vidhaylaya. 
Technical Proficiency 
Windows 97, MS Office, excel, PowerPoint,Tally, Internet Applications 
Organizational Experience DjR Financials & Infotech ( Feb12 to March15) 
Designation- Senior HR Executive 
Role and Responsibilities:- 
Handling team of 5 recruiters working under my guidance. 
Strategic manpower planning throughout the organization across all the levels. 
Ensure timely closure of new / planned / replacement positions according to the budget sanctioned by understanding the criticality and scope of the position. 
Ensure the availability of Position Description for all the positions earmarked for recruitment. 
Ensure compliance to the recruitment processes. 
Track and monitor the new joinee data and schedule the documentation and timelines. 
Provide the necessary recruitment status reports to Head-Recruitments. 
Guide the team members by providing inputs on recruitment process. 
Mostly handling mid-senior positions and bulk hiring Work on PAN India 2. Cre Innovations (Apr15- till Date) 
Designation : HR Manager 
Role and Responsibilities:- 1. Attendance - Manual register Maintenance: 
Daily Attendance of employees Leave update, Late comer details update Issue ID card & details update Check leave approval mail. 
2. Handling Corporate recruitments: 
Responsible to handle end to end Recruitment activities. 
Sourcing resumes through Naukri, Monster and other portals and employee referrals. 
Identify, screen, evaluate and match qualified candidates to specific job orders. 
Negotiation of salary with candidates as per the Company criteria. 
Follow ups on candidates till Date of Joining. 
Weekly reports has to be prepared, including walk in details to select, reject, offer issued, DOJ. 
3. HR Generalists Role : 
Collecting all the required Documents on joining process, Employee Personal Folders Maintenance, issuance of Offer Letter and Agreement, confirmation letter, during exit relieving or termination letter. 
Framing and modifications of company policies, responsible for implementation of company and HR Policies along with the Code of Conduct, Grievance & Dispute handling. 
Preparations of celebrations for occasions like festivals, birthdays, foundation day etc, Reference generations, performance evaluation and appraisals. Salary Calculation & processing 
Handling queries regarding payroll. 
Employee induction & Exit formalities Entire Admin Activities 
Travel Management 
Motivate and coordinate with the employees. 
Coordination with MD 
Planning and executing different employee engagement events/activities 
Fathers Name: 
Mr. Anil kr Dass 
Date of Birth: April 29th 1991 
Languages Known: 
English, Hindi 
Hobbies: singing, making friends 
Gender: female 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that above said information are true to the best of my knowledge. 
Place: Delhi 
RITU 
Date: 
