 Nilanjan Siromani siromani.n@gmail.com 
Mobile : 9916203934 UI developer with experience in designing, developing and deploying business facing applications. Experience in building both the UI and backend APIS. 
Competencies UI / frontend technologies 
Object-Oriented JavaScript programming and developing and working in moules. 
Writing testable javascript code and using testing frameworks : karma and tape . 
Knowledge of AngularJs (1.6) and experience in developing business facing responsive client side applications on it. 
Developing single page applications on 
Node Js. 
Developing cross-browser and cross-platform compatible solutions using google material design , bootstrap and css frameworks. 
Knowledge of hybrid android application development using 
Ionic Framework and hardware interactions using cordova plugins . 
Ruby on rails Designing , developing and deploying restful applications in ruby on rails. 
Designing highly available APIs and integration with front - end to deliver responsive user interactive applications. 
Designing models and relationships for providing data in form of APIS. 
Test driven development using rspec and relevant testing frameworks. 
Setting up apache as reverse proxy for rails based applications running on thin or puma servers. 
Elasticsearch & kibana Setting up ElasticSearch and Kibana consoles for analytical uses and data visualization. 
Working knowledge of querying using Apache Lucene. 
Databases Setting up mysql servers, replication servers and maintenance of the same. 
Retail Supply Chain 
Management 
Sound functional knowledge of the Indian retail industry. 
Knowledge of the supply chain model as applicable to the implementation worked on for Apple Inc. 
Knowledge of building application for demand forecasting using mathematical models 
Work experience 
5 years , 3 months 
(Sep 2011 Present) 
Product Solutions 
Engineer 2 Flipkart Internet Pvt 
Limited 
Aug 2014 - Present 
2years 1 month Design and development of the primary pricing console that helps business developers apply policies to achieve automated pricing. 
Design and review of mockups for UI and incorporation of user feedback. 
Designing and developing rails based systems and user interactive consoles for achieving intelligent automated pricing. 
Designing and developing REST ful applications and integration of apis Built android application using Ionic framework for monitoring application health 
alerting and price approval mechanisms. 
Setting up analytics views over elasticsearch using kibana for data visualization. 
Senior Systems 
Engineer 
Infosys Limited 
Sep 2011 - Aug 2014 3 years. 
Part of the implementation and upgrade of the supply chain implementation of Apple 
Inc, using Oracle Demantra Demand Management. 
Worked to solve problems related to demand forecasting Implemented self served client based application to show variance of inventory over stock. 
Rails based job scheduler and user interface for workflow management. 
Various application monitoring tools Github Projects and contributions. 
Tasker 
Task Management System 
Single Page application for priority based task management , built on AngularJs 1.6 
Add a new task Set a priority , urgent tasks go on the top of your list. Mark a task as low priority , normal priority or high. Start progress on a given task. Once you complete work , mark it as completed and grab a cookie ! And at any point of time delete a task no longer relevant to you 
URL : https://github.com/nilanjansiromani/Tasker Valet 
Automated android app based valet service Android app based car parking valet service. 
A client app for generation of QR code and another for the valet to scan QR code and maintain a status of parked cars and their locations for easy retrieval. 
URL : https://github.com/nilanjansiromani/Valet Awards and recognition Flipkart Hackday 7 finalist Built automated car parking solution on android with QR code scanning and status updation, using Ionic and cordova plugins. 
Infosys Quarterly Awards for performance 
Sep 2012 Received the Quarterly award and multiple appreciations for stabilizing offshore support and incident resolution for the project on supply chain integration. 
Extra Curricular Activities 
Campus Ambassador 
Open Source University 
Meetup 
Sun Microsystems Served as the campus connect ambassador for Sun Microsystem s Open Source University 
Meetup initiative. 
Open Web Initiative 
Mozilla Corporation 
Involved a large mass of the coding community of the college to contribute to the OPEN-WEB initiative of Mozilla Inc. 
Vice President Students Council 
Served the post of the Vice President of the Students Council to organize various cultural events and collaborating with social organizations to promote social responsiveness. 
Education 
B.Tech 2007-2011 Computer Science and Engineering. 
Heritage Institute of Technology , Kolkata , CGPA : 8,17 ISC 2007 , ISC , Science 
M.C.Kejriwal Vidyapeeth 
Accumulated an aggregate of 90% in the Science Stream 
ICSE 2005 
M.C.Kejriwal Vidyapeeth 
Accumulated an aggregate of 92.4% 
Address : 
#20 , Second main , first cross JCR Layout.Kadubeesanahalli Bangalore 560103 
