 RESUME 
RISHAD BASHEER P.B Email: rishad.basheer@mannai.com.qa 
Mob: 0097430932685 Administration 
Administrative: Adeptly handle administrative matters including screening calls, managing calendars, planning the meetings, making travel arrangements, composing documents and organizing offices for efficiency. 
Communications: Interact professionally with all levels of staff and maintain the highest level of confidentiality known for tact and diplomacy in handling sensitive issues. 
Computers: Expert user of Microsoft office and quickly learner Experience 
GULF LABORATORIES CO. W.L.L (Member of Mannai Corporation QPSC) Junior Administrator. 
01-Jun 2015 to Present. 
Provide administrative support to the investment banking group VP and five of her department directors. Answer telephones and promptly and courteously assist clients and employees throughout the organization. Maintain calendars, coordinating extensive appointments, meetings and domestic/international travel. 
Office Management: Oracle based computer application is used for information management system and reducing data-retrieval time. 
Preparation of LPO, Invoice and preparing daily production report Processing of employee requests and their travel arrangements. 
Technical Expertise 
Operating Systems: Various versions of windows such as XP, 7, 8 and Linux. 
General Accounting and Administration 
Data maintenance Microsoft Excel, Word and Outlook 
Data entry and Database management Good knowledge in different programming languages Hardware Technical. 
Typing Skills 
Projects Implemented 
MAHAL MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
Mahal Management system is computerized application for defining and implementing all kinds of activities involved in the Mahal with present status. The project is done as a part of mini project in Fifth semester of BCA. 
Front end 
: Visual Basic 6.0 Back end 
: SQL server 2005 ONLINE BUS RESERVATION SYSTEM 
The project titled 
Online Bus Reservation System is a web application which provides bus seat reservation services to users. As a part of final project of BCA our group completely designed and setup and also programmed the project. 
Front end 
: HTML,PHP 
Back end 
: My SQL 
Server : Apache 
Certifications 
ISO 9001:2000 Certified course in Computer Hardware from G-TECH Diploma in Financial Accounting from AXL Computer Academy 
Project Management System from AXL Computer Academy Educational Qualifications 
Course 
Specialization Institution Board/University 
Year of passing % Marks 
BCA Computer Science 
MES College 
Marampally, Aluva,Ernakulam 
MG University 2014 61 
Personal Details 
Date of Birth 
: 27th December, 1993. 
Nationality 
: Indian. 
Address : Palliparambil (H). 
P.O Kaipamangalam, Kalamuri. 
Trissur Dt, Kerala- 680681, India. 
Languages : English, Hindi and Malayalam. 
Visa Type : Resident visa. 
Declaration 
I, Rishad Basheer P.B declare that all the information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Place: Trissur 
(Rishad Basheer P.B) 
