CURRICULUM VITAE 
G. A. Ramya #1042, Pulari, 7th Main, 3rd Stage, ramyaguruswamyamutha@gmail.com (mailto:ramyaguruswamyamutha@gmail.com) 
BEML Layout, Rajarajeshwari Nagar, 
Mobile: 9600487744 Bangalore - 560098 
OBJECTIVE 
With 7 years of experience, to contribute whole heartedly and strive for excellence of work with the help of colleagues and seniors in the organization. To become the integral part of the Company and learn from its success. 
Employment 
Worked as a Senior Quality Controller in RR Donnelley Outsourcing Private Limited, Chennai from 13 October 2008 to 2 January 2016 Roles and Responsibilities: 
Reviews the design documents for its completeness and process adequacy to meet the Client requirement Proofread the financial documentcontent and layout of typeset manuscripts against original copy 
Ensured all deadlines were met on time with a high degree of accuracy Familiarity with proofreading, editing, and formatting both textual and graphical aspects Ability to revise, edit, and proofread assessment materials 
Imparted proofreading input with regard to sales proposals and presentations Evaluated text for accuracy and consistency then Improvised readability and instilled consistency. 
Creating documents in PPT, Word, Excel, and Client template as per their request 
Understand the Client Requirement and managing the workload that is substantial in volume, value and complexity and develop strong working relationships within all related areas of the firm Having correspondence with overseas client, handling queries and thereby meeting up with clients expectations Read e-mails and sort them according to the priority, then reply to the queries of clients and cascade the emails to the operators 
Preparing the Quality plans with necessary inputs from the Quality Manager 
Analyzed the individual performance of each team member and motivated them to perform even better. 
Organized training workshops to improve the performance of the members who were lagging behind in terms of performance. Analyzed the assigned projects and distributed tasks to the members as per their area of expertise Prepares and sending timely reports to the observations of Managers. 
Initiate product and process improvements through the implementation and analysis of capability studies 
Handled six members Quality team and also responsible for ~40 operators quality issues. . 
GRADUATION 
Bachelor of English in Womens Christian College, Nagercoil. (65.4%) TECHNICAL SKILL SET 
Operating Systems: Microsoft versions 
Packages: MS Office ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS 
Participated & won the prizes in painting, Dance 
Have awarded with Best Performer Award and five times with Shining Star of the Team 
Recognized the Best Performer of the Year-2010 in RR DONNELLEY 
Have organized several Divisional level events in the Company 
KEY SKILLS 
Interpersonal, diagnostic and leadership skills. 
Quick learner, with the ability to grasp new ideas, concepts and methods and put new skill to use Proven ability to work effectively in team situations with positive results 
Adapt at working in a fast paced environment with adherence to deadlines 
Ability to take on multi-task work independently and meticulously 
PERSONAL DOSSIER 
Date of Birth:19 October 1985 
Gender:Female 
Marital Status:Married 
Spouse Name: Arun 
Languages Known:Tamil, English, Malayalam, and Telugu 
Hobbies:Listening Music, Drawing, Painting, Playing Carom 
References 
Manigandan Mani 
Client Manager cum Quality Manager 
RR Donnelley Outsourcing Private Limited 
Cell: 98408-23417 
Narendra Venkatramana 
Team Leader 
Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) 
Cell: 91766-49507 DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct and accurate, without any misplacement, to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Place: Bangalore Signature 
Date: 
(Ramya G A) 
