Rajeev M N NairBachelor of Engineering (Mechanical)B 503, Arm Avenue CHS Ltd,Plot 12, Sector 20, 
Kharghar, Navi Mumbai 410210Mob: 91 8879452499 / 7738967650Email: raajeevmn@gmail.com (mailto:raajeevmn@gmail.com) / rajeev.nair1982@rediffmail.com 
OBJECTIVE 
Seeking an exigent position of Mechanical Engineering technical connoisseur in a highly professional and creative environment of a reputed organization to perform / exhibit / utilize the knowledge I gained from my previous experience and to learn new things. 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
An astute and result oriented professional with more than 9 years of rich experience in handling multiple tasks mainly periodic, breakdown and corrective types of maintenances, contracts, inspection, trouble shooting, scheduling, ISO documentation and proper reporting, billing, coordination with construction team, dealers, vendors and transporters in Plant & Equipment division of Construction Industry.Expertise in operation and maintenance of construction and lifting equipment in major infrastructure projects and 3+ years of experience in corporate level coordination in the same field. Taking care of contracts, capital and spares and service procurement, finalizing AMCs, logistics, MIS though MM, PM and ETM of construction equipment. 
CORE COMPETENCIES 
Handled various profiles in construction equipment division for oil & gas, infrastructure and building construction projects.Keen understanding of OEM standards and procedures for maintenance and operation of various construction equipment.Extensive experience in utilization, inspection, repair and maintenance, mobilization and demobilization of major construction equipment with proper documentation and follow-ups complying Health, Safety & Environment procedures / standards.Demonstrated competency in independent handling of tasks.Was part of many major / milestone projects both in value / size / number of equipment involved. 
Trained by major OEMs like Alimak, Caterpillar, Terex, Potain, Vietz, CRC Evans.Familiar with equipment of Alimak, Geda, Liftec, Sparten, Conmat, SAE Climber, Terex, Potain, Liebherr, Schwing stetter, Putzmeister, Sany, Aquarius, Caterpillar, Volvo, Komatzu, Veitz, CRC Evans, Cummins, Kobelco, Promtractor, American auger, Duetz, Perkins, ICE, Zoomlion, Tadano, TATA Hitachi, Greaves, Ocmer, Atlas Copco, Ingersoll Rand, Escorts, JCB, Soilmec, Mait, Casagrande, Bauer, Volvo penta, Powerica, Paikane, Kirloskar, Mahindra etc. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
SUMMARY 10th year in inspection, operation, repair and maintenance, logistics of Construction equipment in different profiles. 
Manager Lodha Group (As PNE Incharge for the biggest site of Lodha with around 95 No.s of Man Material Hoists and around 25 No.s of Tower cranes in a particular site) Equipment Engineer Samsung C & T India Pvt Limited (1 Year) 
Manager Essar Projects (I) Limited (7 Years) 
DETAILED WORK EXPERIENCE 
Current Job 
In-charge / Manager (Plant & Equipment) From October 2015 to Till Date 
Lodha Group of Companies, Mumbai, India 
Responsibilities Inspection, erection and dismantling, operation, repair and maintenance of Man Material Hoists, tower cranes, concrete pumps, batching plants, pick and carry cranes, transit mixers, material hoists, mobile cranes, bar cutting and bending machines, wheel loaders, rollers etc.Preparing the preventive maintenance plan and ensuring maintenance of equipment accordingly for owned equipment. 
Managing the rental contractors to ensure maximum availability of rental equipment. 
Ensuring availability of inventory for maintenance as per the plan. 
Manpower planning, scheduling & execution of corrective maintenance and height extension requirements of project.Pre-dispatch inspection of owned, rental and contractor equipment. 
Monitoring and controlling the installation, commissioning, operation, maintenance, repair and dismantling of owned, rental and contractor equipment.Coordination with sub-contractors, dealers and service providers for timely delivery of service and parts required for all the maintenance and repair activities.Monitoring the utilization and performances of equipment by preparing utilization, consumption and break down reports for equipment.Taking care of contracts finalization, execution, extension, billing and payment follow ups towards the rented equipment. 
Timely follow ups with construction management team to ensure deployment and release of rental equipment to minimize expense. 
Coordination with rental, contractors and suppliers to ensure the down time below 5%. 
Detail of Project Project Lodha Palava, Khoni (Indias largest planned city)Client 
Lodha Group Project 
Lodha Palava, KhoniClient 
Lodha Group 
EQUIPMENT ENGINEER 
From Oct 2014 to Oct 2015 Samsung C & T India Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai, India 
Responsibilities Inspection, erection and dismantling, operation, repair and maintenance of Man material hoists, tower cranes, concrete pumps, batching plants, pick and carry cranes, transit mixers, gandolas, material hoists, mobile cranes, bar cutting and bending machines, wheel loaders, rollers etc.Preparing the preventive maintenance plan and ensuring maintenance of equipment accordingly. 
Ensuring availability of inventory for maintenance as per the plan. 
Manpower planning, scheduling & arranging logistics for all the equipment deployed.Coordination with sub-contractors, dealers and service providers for timely delivery of service and parts required for all the maintenance and repair activities.Monitoring the utilization and performances of equipment by preparing utilization, consumption and break down reports for equipment. 
Detail of Project Dhirubhai Ambani International Convention and Exhibition Centre.Client 
Reliance Industries LimitedPrincipal contractor 
Samsung C&TSub-contractors 
L&T, Eversendai etc Achievements Successful in performing scheduling and timely execution of tasks related to equipment.Managed to minimize the downtime of equipment by timely preventive maintenance.Managed to operate 13 Tower cranes, 10 separate placer booms and 11 heavy mobile cranes upto 750 T capacity in a confined construction area without any accidents. 
MANAGER / DEPUTY MANAGER 
From Dec 2010 to September 2014 
Essar Projects (I) Ltd, Mumbai, India 
Responsibilities 
To meet the equipment requirement of the project either by procuring or by mobilizing the available ones from other projects.Preparing the preventive maintenance schedule for the all the deployed equipment and ensuring that all the maintenances are happening accordingly. 
Monitoring inventory maintenance of respective sites. 
Manpower planning, scheduling & arranging logistic for all the equipment deployed for the projects.Coordination with vendors, dealers and service providers for timely delivery of service and parts required for all the maintenance and repair activities. Preparing rate contracts with OEM dealers for all the major equipment. Preparing capital investment proposal for upcoming projects. 
Detail of Projects Handled KMTTP Myanmar for Ministry of External affairs, India government 
INR 570 CroresRO-RO Projects at Dahej and Ghogha for GMB. Project Value - INR 240 CroresCQ III Project at Paradeep for EPTL. Project Value 
INR 450 Crores THEP Project at Mizoram for NEEPCO Project value 
INR 188 CroresPRRPL Orissa for IOCL. Project Value 
INR 780 CroresTVRP Road project in Kerala. Project Value 
INR 254 Crores 
Achievements Successful in performing the tasks cost effectively during the difficult period of the organization. 
Achieved the most risky target of mobilization of ODC equipment from sites at Gujarat to remote site at northeast state of Mizoram without affecting the project schedule.Always achieved targets given by the top management. 
ASSISTANT MANAGER 
From Nov 2008 to Dec 2010 Essar Construction (I) Ltd, Mathura / Noida, India 
Responsibilities Independently handled operation, logistics, maintenance and repair activities of 120 owned equipment deployed for the project.Done successfully ISO documentation and handled proper reporting to HO towards all the maintenance, repair and utilization of the construction equipment deployed at site. 
Manpower planning, scheduling & arranging logistic of the equipment.Billing of hired equipment deployed for the project. Preparing & execution of preventive maintenance of all the equipment as per the OEM standards / instructions and site conditions. 
Proper coordination with the construction / planning department for ensuring the maximum availability of required equipment for site activities. 
Project Details Construction of Gas Pipeline (48 dia) from Vijaipur to Dadri Client : Gas Authority of India Limited 
Consultant : Engineers India Ltd 
Achievements Successful in maintaining the equipment under 5% breakdown rates which adds to the timely completion of project. 
Achieved the most risky target of mobilization of ODC equipment from site to site through the highways as per the time schedule.Always achieved targets given by the top management from Head Office. 
GRADUATE ENGINEERING TRAINEE 
From January 2008 to Nov 2008 Essar Constructions (I) Ltd, Ahmedabad, India 
Responsibilities Undergone on job training in Heavy Equipment Division on repair and maintenance of construction equipment.Undergone classroom training provided by Caterpillar on the hydraulic systems used in various construction equipment manufactured by Caterpillar.Undergone training on Health, Safety and Environment procedures / standards to be maintained in construction projects.Undergone training and practice of various types of maintenance such as planned and preventive, corrective and repair maintenance activitiesUndergone training in SAP Modules MM, PM, ETM etc.Undergone training in MS Office. 
Project details Project : Construction of Crude oil pipeline (24) from Vadinar to Bina Client : Bharat Oman Refineries Ltd Consultant : Engineers India Ltd 
Achievements Successful in completing all the trainings 
EDUCATION 
Course/Degree School/College/University Year Percentage 
B.E. (Mechanical) 
Visvesaraya Technical University, India 2007 72% 
B.Sc (Physics) M.G University, India 2003 80% + Two Higher Secondary Board 2000 72% SSLC State Board 1998 72% PERSONAL DETAILS 
Date of Birth: 8th October, 1982 
Passport No 
P4149797 Valid till 16.08.2026. 
.Nationality: Indian 
Marital Status: Married 
Others: Holding valid Indian Driving License 
Perm. Address B 503, Arm Avenue CHS Ltd, Plot No: 12, Sector: 20, Kharghar, Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra 410 210, India 
DECLARATION 
In the light of the above particulars, I feel myself fully competent for the job & assure you that if given an opportunity, shall perform my entrusted duties to your fullest satisfaction. 
RAJEEV NAIR 
C u r r i c u l u m 
v i t a e 
Rajeev M N Nair Page 5 of 5 
