PRANAY KUMAR Mobile: 7760648794 
Email : Pranaygcc07@gmail.com 
CAREER OBJECTIVES 
Targeting opportunity in Credit Assessment / Credit Underwriting / Credit Manager role in a professional organization where I can enhance my skills and strengthen them in conjunction with organization s goals and to serve my organization with sheer determination and commitment. 
PROFILE SUMMARY 
An MBA in Finance Professional with 3+ years of experience in: 
Banking (NBFC) Account Management. 
Customer Service. 
Portfolio Management. Data Analysis. 
Team Management Cross Functional Coordination. 
Hands on experience in working on Finn One, DMS, and LMS Application with comprehensive knowledge of generating SOA s, Repayment schedules, Foreclosure statement. 
Knowledge of Balance Sheet Analysis, Income Statement Analysis, Cash Flow Analysis, Financial Ratio. 
Expertise in monthly reconciliation of statement of accounts of every individual Business and Personal loan account with a maximum of ticket size 75 lakhs and 9 lakhs. 
Experienced in handling a client base from wide range of industries including Iron & Steel, Polymers, Aromatic chemicals, Incense manufacturing, Mobile handsets retail, Manufacturing Sector, FMCG distributors etc. 
Expertise in maintaining relationship with key customers and establishing high profit accounts with excellent level of retention. 
CORE COMPETENCIES 
Preparing feedback report of each delinquent account and complete business segment and providing to top management. 
Arranging the complete documentation on filing legal of cases for the default customer. 
Strong prospecting-account management and closing skills with profitable preparation of settlement tracker. 
Good knowledge of Accounting and Finance 
Preparing of Daily, Monthly Collection Report and Action plans. 
Accuracy and Attention to details. 
Commitment to deliver quality results and overcome obstacles in minimum stipulated time. 
Capability of handling high work pressure during busy season. 
Time Management Skills. 
Ability to work as a team player. 
Experience working with strict deadlines. 
INTERNSHIP AND TRANING 
Project Title: Organizational Study. 
One month internship in HDFC LIFE, Bangalore. 
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Since 6th July 15 with Capital First Limited till 22nd Nov 16, as Management Trainee for 1 Year. 
Later on Designated as- Collection Manager. 
Grade- Assistant Manager. 
Department- Collection (Business Loan, Personal Loan) 
KEY RESULT AREAS :- Supervised collection department with a team of 4 In-house Collection Executive and Handle all accounts being forwarded to collection agency and work closely with agency representative through follow up periodically on accounts in collections and Audit on Cash Receipt. 
Primary responsible for the collection of payments of around 60 Account of Business Loan, 112 Account of Personal Loan with a POS of 7 cr. and 9 cr. and respectively reduce delinquency in Early Bucket. 
Ensure 95% collection in Bucket 0, 65% Stable and 25% Normal in Bucket 1,and 65% overall in Bucket 2. 
Joint visit with executive on Field for Problematic Cases across Bucket. 
Responsible for Allocating the cases, Trail Updating on En-Collect Application and Preparation of Delinquent File on Excel and circulating the same to Regional Manager. 
Ensuring timely updation of Account on system and refund or reversal of amt. to be done on time by operation team and tracking the submission of Cheque and Cash in Branch. 
Responsible for making the settlement tracker and ensuring there is no POS loss of company and getting the approval for the same by the National Manger. 
Ensuring timely closure of account on system and assisting the customer to get NOC and TDS refund if any. 
Taking care of clearance of customer a/c and process the same if any issue arises with the clearing process.(ECS, Auto- Debit, PDC) Work with Credit Team, Sales Team, Operation Team, and Customer Service to improve and resolve all customer issue. 
HIGHLIGHT: 
Efficaciously worked towards reducing delinquency on the assigned bucket. 
ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Feb 12- Aug 13 with Oracle India Private Limited., Bangalore as Order Management Analyst. 
KEY RESULT AREAS :- Responsible for booking of Hardware business deal, Compliance with Oracle Policy & TAT. 
Carrying out the critical analysis of Purchase order, Drafted Quote copy and Check list ensuring compliance with oracle agreement. 
Preparing hardware reports and sending to the clients as well as seniors. 
Preparing reports of booked orders within the team. 
Responsible for working with CDI Team, Quoting Team. 
Responsible for assigning of deal within the team. 
Organized review meetings on Quality Check. 
COURSES 
Course in Banking and Finance held by NSDC RELEVANT SOFTWARE SKILLS: 
Knowledge of Finn One, LMS, DMS, En-Collect Application. 
Knowledge of Oracle Application like R12 Oracle E-Business Suite Financials, Quoting Application, EZO 
Application. 
Moderate level of fluency with MS Excel/MS Office /Pivots/ Conditional Formatting/ V-lookups. 
ACADEMIC DETAILS 
PUC in Commerce, Navyug Vidyalaya in 2008, 61% BBM from Bangalore University, Garden City College Of Management And Sciences, Bangalore in 2011, 67% MBA(Finance) from University of Mysore, Ramaiah Institute Of Management And Sciences in 2015, 71% AWARDS AND ACHEIVMENTS 
Received ACE Award in Capital First for the best performance within 4 months of Joining. 
Appreciation Mail received from RCM and NCM for reducing delinquency in Bucket 0, 1,2. And was tagged as the most dependable team among West by our Head of collection. 
Passed National Skill Development Programme held by the government of Karnataka and have been awarded certificate. 
Received certificate of participation for coordinating in one day international workshop on the career prospect in nanotechnology. 
Class Representative for 1year 6 Month while pursuing MBA. 
INTEREST AND HOBBIES 
Sketching, Playing Chess. 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Date of Birth : 07/05/1990 
Father s Name : Pramod Kumar Sinha. 
Languages Known : Hindi, English. 
Permanent Address : House#39,1st Cross, BTM 2nd Stage. 
Opposite Gopalan Mall. 
Bangalore,KA. 
