RESUME MUKESH SADASHIV GIDDE. 
Date of Birth: 30/05/1993 | Sex: Male 
Contact Information 
Nationality: Indian | Marital Status: Single 
Objective 
Address:- Mahadev Nagar, 
Contact No.: 9975787673 Hadapsar, Pune-28 E-mail: mukesh.gidde007@gmail.com Educational DetailsTo work in an organization where I can use and enhance my skills that effectively contributes to the growth of organization and people around me. 
Graduate with First Class in 2016 from Pune University. 
HSC with Second Class in 2010 affiliated to Maharashtra State Board Pune. 
Professional Summary SSC with First Class in 2008 affiliated to Maharashtra State Board Pune. 
More than 2 years of experience in Desktop Support. 
Experience in desktop support more than 50 machines. 
Experience in Windows based environments and related applications. 
Good knowledge in Hardware and Networking. 
Experience in diagnosing and resolving inquiries via ticketing system. 
Eager to learn and develop new technical skills. 
Self-Aware and well understand responsibilities. 
Professional Training 
MCSA (Microsoft Certified Solution Associate) CCNA (Cisco Certified Solution Associate) Work Experience 
Company: 
Brahamachaitnya Computers Designation: Technician/Desktop Support Engineer 
Duration: Jun 2011 to August 2013. 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
Installing, Managing & Troubleshoot Windows operating system. 
Computer assembling and maintenance. 
Troubleshooting hardware and software problem. 
Installing software and drivers to user standards. 
Installing and updating Antivirus. 
Installing and troubleshoot Printer and Scanner. 
Managing the entire Inventory. 
Handling all the queries related to the Network. 
Handling all the queries related to the desktops and printers. 
Handling all the queries related to the Antivirus. 
Company: 
MphasiS 
An HP Company 
Designation: Transaction Processing Officer Duration: September 2013 to November 2014. 
Company: 
EXL Services Pvt. Ltd. 
Designation: 
Associate Duration: September 2015 to May 2016. 
Technical Skills 
OS Installation: - Windows XP/7/8/8.1/10. 
Install, Manage & Administer Windows Server 2008/2012. 
Install, Configure & Manage Active Directory, DNS and DHCP. 
Patch Management Tool: WSUS. 
Good Knowledge in Microsoft Outlook 2007-2013. 
Knowledge in LAN and WAN. 
Knowledge in Windows Deployment Services. 
Create & Manage Local and Domain User Accounts. 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above information is factually correct to the best of my knowledge. I also understand that I will be responsible if any of the information is found to be wrong. 
Yours Faithfully, Mukesh Sadashiv Gidde 
