Dear Sir/Madam, Greetings of the day! 
I am writing to apply for any vacant position in your company. 
Enclosing for your careful evaluation is my curriculum vitae, the complete jobs duties and responsibilities with my previous employers which are important on your process of selection. 
With a Bachelor of Science in Hotel and Restaurant Management and well experienced in providing Customer Service and clerical duties, known how to manage Office Works document controlling, A former Building Manager. I am also trained and literate in offline and online computer tools/system that are merely essential in all fields and major industries nowadays for a more productive work, and been in many seminars and trainings which provided in my curriculum vitae. Please accept my utmost desire to be a part of your prestigious company. I firmly believe that working with you will be a great opportunity and privilege on my part. 
If my application has convinced you of my qualifications to fulfill your vacancy, I will be more than glad to hear feedback at your convenience so you may evaluate me further. 
I can be reached anytime via email at darenn.delacruz24@gmail.com or on my mobile phone +971 551834867 
Thank you very much for your time and effort. 
I look forward to hear from you about this employment opportunity. 
Best regards, Darenn D. Delacruz 
DARENN DANGSUYA DELACRUZ darenn.delacruz24@gmail.com 
+971551834867 
Career Objectives 
To work in an organization which provides, challenges opportunities & recognitions, making endeavors to attain excellence in management techniques by taking initiatives, accepting responsibilities, decision making and team work. 
Highlights of Qualifications 
Possess excellent interpersonal skills. 
Perform effectively despite sudden deadlines and changing priorities. 
Get along well with employer and co employees. 
Versatile and multi skilled person Meticulous worker, attentive to quality and details Able to read, write and speak English fluently Proficient in Microsoft Office Knowledge in Minor Accounts 
Knowledge in Adobe Acrobat Professional 
Knowledge in Adobe Photoshop 
Knowledge in Meezan Software. 
Work Experiences 
Building Manager 
August 12, 2016 August 31, 2016 Al Misk Properties UAE Sharjah 
Duties and Responsibilities 
Processes Final Settlement of the customers or tenants after vacating the flat. 
Coordinating with customer before and after vacating the flat. 
Using a range of office software such as (Meezan), including email, and databases. 
Managing filing systems. 
Handling daily complaints Scheduling of Flat and building refurbishments Coordinating with Building Supervisor, Laborers and Foreman. 
Coordinates building maintenance and repairs with Buildings & Grounds Maintenance that affect normal building operation; Coordinating with Sub contractors and third parties. 
Provides occupants with updates of electrical, water and other service outages and scheduled shutdowns Oversees building security Stays informed of changes to space assignments in their facilities Coordinating with sales team according to flats availability. 
Coordinates department facility related activities and projects Making daily, weekly and flat reports. 
Customer Service Agent 
November 12, 2012 
July 21, 2013 Palm Plaza Hotel Malate Manila Philippines 
Duties and Responsibilities 
Deal directly with guests either by telephone, electronically or face to face Handle complaints, provide appropriate solutions and alternatives within the time limits and follow up to ensure resolution. 
Keep records of customer interactions, process customer accounts and file documents Provide accurate, valid and complete information by using the right methods/tools Ability to tactfully handle stressful and difficult situations. Contributed to and participated in team meetings and activities. 
Organize workflow to meet customer timeframes. 
Build sustainable relationships of trust through open and interactive communication. 
Effectively manage large amounts of incoming calls. 
Booking appointments for sales representatives to visit potential customers. 
Formal Education 
Bachelor of Science in Hotel and Restaurant Management 
STI College Novaliches Diamond St. Corner Quirino Highway 
San Bartolome Novaliches Quezon City 
Philippines\ 
Certificate & Recognition 
Edible food center piece 2010- 1st Placer Chef Express 2011- 1st Placer 
Chef Express 2013- Champion 
Worth the whisk (cake decorating) 2014 
1st Placer 
Chef Express 2014- 1st Placer (Local) 
Chef Express 2014 
Champion (Regional) 
Chef Express National Finals 2014 - 2nd Placer 5th Placer in 5th National Food Showdown NCR CALABARZON Chef Wars 
Regional Elimination Round (Student Division) at World Trade Center Metro Manila 
Youth Conference in I.T. February 17, 2010 KatibayanngPagkilala SabayangPagbigkas (Champion) August 31, 2011 
16th National Youth Convention SMEX MOA Arena January 24, 2010 
Seminars and Training attended 
PERSONALITY DEVELOPMENT STI College of Novaliches 
March 20, 2014 March 27, 2014 FRONT OFFICE OPERATION Widus Hotel Pampanga Philippines 
Feb. 14, 2014 
Feb. 15, 2014 CUSTOMER SERVICE TRAINING 
Dec. 02, 2013 
Dec. 04 2013 FOOD & BEVERAGE Days Hotel Tagaytay Philippines 
AND HOUSEKEEPING OPERATION Oct. 5, 2012 
Oct. 6, 2012 COFFEE AND BAR EXPOSURE T.G.I. Fridays Robinson Place Manila 
February 12, 2012 STAY AND LEARN SEMINAR TRAINING Microtel Inns and Suites Cabanatuan City 
Front Office/Housekeeping/Vegetable Carving October 
January 01 
03, 2011 
VESSEL AND FAMILIARIZATION TOUR SuperFerry ATS M/V SuperFerry20 October 01, 2010 
HOTEL FAMILIARIZATION Microtel Mall of Asia.Philippines 
October 01, 2010 Membership Organizations 
Vice President -Sucre Et Farine (HRM Club) STI College of Muoz 2010 2012 
Treasurer - Supreme Student Government STI College of Muoz Batch 2011 - 2012 Personal Information 
Date of Birth: 
November 24, 1993 
Religion : Christian 
Gender: 
Male 
Age: 23 
Visa Status: 
Visit Visa 
Nationality: 
Filipino 
Marital Status: 
Single 
CHARACTER REFERENCES: 
Available upon request 
I hereby certify that all the information above is true and correct as to the extent of my knowledge, skills, and experience. 
__________________________ DARENN D. DELACRUZ 
