 CURRICULAM VITAE 
Present Address 
SHAHBAZ ALI S/O 
Md Jawed 
At 
H.No-74, Golmuri 
Muslim Basti Po-Golmuri 
Dist 
East Singhbhum 
State Jharkhand, PIN 831003 
Email ID: ali.samir555@gmail.com 
Contact No.: +91- 9308085594 / 7903043818 POST APPLIED FOR THE 
:- PROFILE 
A challenging determined diploma in Computer Science Engineering with good communication skill and ready to work both independently and as a member of a team, utilizing the skills acquired during my course and experience. 
O B J E C T I V E 
WORK EXPERIENCETo work in latest technology for a world class organization which provides healthy and challenging environment where I can utilize my wide and in depth skills, professional experience and education background to benefit mutual growth and success 
Company : 
United Telecoms ltd. Ranchi 
Position : Hardware Executive 
Duration 
: 26 Dec 2013 to 15 June 2015. 
EDUCATION QUALIFICATION 
Passed Matriculation from J.A.C, Ranchi in the year 2009 with First class. 
Passed Diploma in COMPUTER SCIENCE & ENGINEERING. From S.B.T.E, Ranchi in the years 2009 to 2013 with First class. 
CERTIFICATE 
QUALIFICATION Certificate in Computer Hardware & Networking with six months Diploma in Computer Application with six months 
TECHNICAL EXPERIENCE 
Operating system: Windows98, win2000, 2003/7/8/2012/Win ME, WinXp, Win Vista, Linux, UNIX, MS DOS. 
Hardware testing Tools: Multi meter, cable tester, soldering de-soldering. 
Application Software: Photoshop, HTML, Adobe reader, WinRAR, DVD Convertor, Nero. 
Office package: 
Microsoft word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access, Microsoft Power point, Microsoft Outlook Express. 
Accounting Skills: Tally [7.2 - 9.0] Govt. Services for citizens, Utility Services and Banking Services etc. 
Installing and configuring computer hardware, software, system, network, printers, scanners and more Talking to clients and computer users to determine the nature of problems Investigating, diagnosing and solving computer software and hardware faults Repairing equipment and replacing parts Supervising junior engineering and technical staff Obtaining replacement or specialist components, fixtures or fittings Checking computer equipment for electrical safety Managing stocks of equipment, consumables and other supplies Terminal services (remote desktop) configure in server and client machine and as per requirement taking remotely of client machine &solving the error, Installing applications and patches Sharing, securing accessing files, folder sharing & fax etc. 
Makes sure that controlled copies of latest approved documents and drawings are given to the appropriate staff, subcontractors and suppliers as applicable. 
Maintain updated records of all approved documents and drawings and their distribution clearly. 
Checking quality of documents, Monitoring Processes, Producing listings. 
Input Document data into the standard registers ensuring that the information is accurate and up to date. 
FINAL YEAR PROJECT Title: E-Care Customer Support Help Desk Duration: 
3 months during 5th semester of diploma engineering 
Software Requirement: Java, Php, HTML, SQL, Java Script. 
Description: The main aim of developing E-Care Customer Support Help Desk is to provide best service to all customers in an organization. The home page contains two options to login into the system. 
1. Login with corporate user 2. Login with help desk user With the help of registration form user can enter all his details and register himself into the website. Then he selects the company name inside the tool bar and post any query related the electronic hardware. This java application helps company management to solve the issues as early as possible. 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Permanent address: 
C/o Md Jawed 
H.No-74, Golmuri, Muslim Basti, 
East singhbhum Jharkhand Jamshedpur- 831003 
Phone no. +91-9304425168 (Home) Date of birth : 01-March-1995 
Language : English, Hindi & Urdu 
References 
: Available on Request DECLARATION 
I do hereby declare that the above informations are true, correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Date: Yours Faithfully 
Place: Jamshedpur 
(Shahbaz Ali) 1 
