 Amandeep Kaur +91 8289065667 
aman18deep29@gmail.com Career Objective 
To secure a challenging and rewarding position as Hybrid App Developer with an established organization that can utilize my skills and experience . 
Academic Qualification 
Qualification Board/University Year of Passing Percentage 
MCA P.U, CHD 2016 71.30 % BCA P.U, CHD 2013 
70.91% 
XII P.S.E.B 2009 
65.11% 
Projects: 
Android Project : Buddies (Android Application) 
Description : 
Buddies is a simple , easy to use messaging app . Buddies allows a user to register to the app in order to use the application. After a user has logged into the App, he/she can add another registered user to be his/her friend. The user can then send or receive a text message while the friend is on-line. QuickBlox is used as a backbone to store the user information. Application features - Chat ,Group Chat , Calling . 
Hybrid Projects: JiBoard(Hybrid App) 
Description 
: JiBoard is Like a Video player.This App works with the website.In this App,the device of the user will register on the jiboard website and then he/she can use the data of the website ,data can be change according to website. 
JustHuynh(Hybrid App). 
This app is for GYM training.In this app fitness,training,user profile,chatting,tracking,notification,social sharing modules are there. 
Participations 
Participated in Online C/C++ Quiz Held on 20th Nov 2014 at Panjab University Regional Centre ,Hoshiarpur 
Attended Workshop On Cloud Computing organized by IBM 
Participated in Infoysis Campus Connect Programme(3 Months) Held At Panjab University Regional Centre,Hoshiarpur 
CERTIFICATION 
Certified in ASP.Net with C# from Nice Computers(6 weeks) 
Certified in Android from Apptunix pvt. Lmtd.(6 months) Technical Skills 
Language & Skills : 
Core Java, Android,Angular Js,Html : Six month Android training completed. 
: 3 month Experience with Hybrid Apps. 
Development Environments : Eclipse IDE , Android Studio,Ionic,Sublime Text. 
Operating System 
: 
Windows 2000/XP/ windows 8 ,Linux 
Web Technologies : HTML ,Css 
Database : MS Access , SQL,SQLite Personal Details 
Date of Birth : 26th 
june,1992 
Fathers Name 
: Satpal Singh 
Mothers Name 
: Manjeet Kaur 
Gender : Female 
Address : 
V.P.O 
Shahwala ,Teh - Zira 
Distt - Ferozepur (142047) 
Hobbies : 
Net Surfing, Listening to Music,Watching Movies,Watching Cricket,Cooking 
Date : Signature: 
