 Ahmed Mohamed Salah 
1 Shaaban Ali Tolba St., Qualiub 
Qualiub 
Cairo 
Egypt 
Phone number: (02) 42150713 
Mobile number: +201005227058 
E-mail: Ahmed.Salah.Ahmed@outlook.com 
Objectives: 
Seeking a challenging position that best fits my experiences and qualifications in an organization that will enhance my skills and offer a good long-term career opportunity in the Human Resources field. 
Experience: 
Soficopharm pharmaceutical S.A.E (December 2012 
Present) 
Job Title: Tenders Supervisor. 
Responsibilities: 
- Follow the tenders that put on the market through hospitals. - Contact with scientific offices of pharmaceutical companies to identify product that would be discussed in the tender and price-fixing own. 
- Action the private price offer to the tender. - Preparing all the required documents such as technical preparation for product, registration of the ministry of health for product, quality certification and certificate of origin lotion. - Issuance of the letter of guarantee primary and private insurance tender by interacting with various banks. - Follow up with customers to resolve all the problems for that tenders. 
- Attend private meeting for pharmaceutical companies and through that meeting is to know the price of the product for pharmaceutical companies and record prices for competing products. 
- Follow up bidding procedures pending the completing of these actions and receiving the private order for that tender. - Issuance of the final letter of guarantee for tender to supply the medicines needed in the supply order. 
Teleperformance Egypt Vodafone Egypt. (March 2011 October 2012) 
Job Title: Customer Service Adviser. 
Responsibilities: 
- 
Assisting Customers with their lines rate plans (888 Team). - Offering Customers new offers. - Handling Customers complaints. - Solving Customers problems. - Retained Customers who want to convert to another mobile network (MNP team). 
- 
Handling Vodafone Dealers (DQ). - Activate new lines (PPDV). - Handling corporate lines. - Handling postpaid lines bill (collection Team). - Assisting Customers with their billing issues. - Initialize exchange and repair when needed according to the companys policies. 
- Help the customers to make the best use of their price plans according to their needs. - Assist in minor technical issues with the network or the devices software. 
Egypt's Mechanical and Electrical Projects Company (Kahromika). (January 2009 - October 2010) 
Job Title: HR Officer - Site Coordinator. 
Cairo west thermal power plant project 2X350 MW GAS/OIL (KAHROMIKA contracting co CP118) 
Responsibilities: 
- 
Handle employees hiring and termination process. - Screen resumes, conduct phone & face-to-face interviews for suitable candidates and prepare interview assessments. 
- Keep employees files up to date. 
- Prepare mobilization and demobilization documents. - Create & modify job descriptions after analyzing jobs with concerned managers & employees. 
- Prepare monthly variable data reports for payroll purposes in addition to all requested occasional reports. - Material Controller (Material after fabrication), (sandblasting and painting processes and galvanizing and rolling processes). - Check the received Material with the backing list. - Responsible for the Transportation of Material and Equipment. - Prepare Equipment time-sheet. - Responsible for the Stores: tools used in Piping, Supports fabrication, Scaffolds, and Paints. - Responsible for the Purchasing Orders and the Applications needs, (Documents Control). 
Training History: 
Egypt's Mechanical and Electrical Projects Company (Kahromika). (Aug-2008 to Dec-2008) 
Cairo north thermal power plant (second phase) 
Job Title: Material controller Assistance. 
Education: 2014 - 2015 Postgraduate - Human Resources Management Diploma 
American University in Cairo (AUC) - Strategic Management. - Recruitment & Selection. - Training & Development. - Compensation & Benefits. - Employee Relations. - Labor Law. - Human Resources Information System (HRIS). 2003 - 2008 Modern Academy in Maadi. 
Bachelor's degree (Management Information System Department.) 
Grade: Good 1990 - 2003 Tarek Ebn Ziad Language school. 
Courses attended: - ICDL course in Ministry Of Defense language Institute. - English course in Ministry Of Defense language Institute. - Conversation course in Ministry Of Defense language Institute. - TOEFL course in Ministry Of Defense language Institute. 
Skills: 
Language: 
Arabic: Mother tongue 
English: Fluent. 
Computer knowledge: 
Windows, Microsoft Office, Internet and Adobe Photoshop. 
Personal skills: 
Organized and Good planner, Team worker, Intelligent, quick learner, creative, good communication skills, dedicated, self-motivated and flexible with work conditions. 
Other: 
Hobbies and interests: 
Football, Photoshop designing, fixing computer software problems, reading and sketching. 
Personal information: 
Date of birth: 23th April 1984. 
Marital status: Single. 
Military Service: Exempted. 
Nationality: Egyptian. 
