Varun Shetty 
A 1002 Embassy Haven, 15th Cross, 2nd Main, Bangalore 560094 +91 9663827697; varunshetty84@gmail.com 
Profile Summary 
A capable result oriented MBA, with international work experience in multiple regions. Proven sales and marketing manager who is able to motivate a sales force and focus it on success. Built teams from ground up, and helped team members consistently achieve sales goals. Ability to win trust and build strong network alliances with clients; at any management level, including C-level execs. Continually challenges and sets personal goals to improve results. Core Strengths People Management, Sales Planning, Account Management, New Business Development, Performance 
Marketing and Social Media. 
Career Background 
Lucini&Lucini Communications Group, Bangalore General Sales Manager - APAC & Eastern Europe October 2015 Present 
General Sales Manager APAC 
January 2014 October 2015 Assigned responsibility to manage new markets within 6 months of hiring; Added more regions within one year of heading APAC. 
Built a high performing team from ground up. Hired, trained and managed; new sales managers and digital planners. 
Consistently achieved milestones created by management; revenue & quality Built strong alliances with direct advertisers and agencies(Group M, Ogilvy, Mindshare, Havas, etc.); resulting in consistent campaign budgets 
Worked with product dev and creative teams to improve campaign quality 
Helped with content creation for branding and promotion. 
Represented company at National and International events & expo s. AdTech India & Singapore, IAB 
Milan, GMIA, etc. 
Email Marketing Manager July 2013 
December 2013 
Drastically grew client portfolio from 6 allotted clients to 50+
new clients Improved email quality, resulting in 40% increased revenue Increased Indian total revenue to 250% +, month on month Built partnerships with top-tier advertisers (Shaadi.com, CareerBuilder, Shine, etc.) 
Streamlined billing processes with ad-networks (Tyroo, Affinity, DGM, etc.); bringing down billable from Net90 to Net30 
Hired and trained digital planners, Dotted-line managed operations and finance Freelance, Bangalore Marketing Consultant December 2012 July 2013 Assisted SME s businesses with Performance Marketing and Social Media strategies. 
Created and managed social media pages/campaigns on Twitter, Facebook and LinkedIn Business growth-hack consulting Antevenio Limited, London 
Account Manager June 2011 November 2012 Successfully initiated and closed contracts through attention to detail and quick response time, resulting in a 28% increase in annual revenue Consistently exceeded sales goals; maintaining a 125% average over management s expectation People managed; Recruited, trained and mentored new sales executives; set-up weekly, monthly and quarterly plan to achieve quotas. 
Launched and optimised new product offering (Co-registration) for the UK Market using Facebook connect Varun Shetty 
A 1002 Embassy Haven, 15th Cross, 2nd Main, Bangalore 560094 +91 9663827697; varunshetty84@gmail.com Project managed the launch Netfilia, UK Affiliate network 
Built strong strategic partnerships with Top-Tier affiliate platforms such as Linkshare, Trade doubler, Commission Junction and Affiliate window Initiated and managed several social media campaigns (Twitter, Facebook, LinkedIn, etc.) 
Planned and organized networking events to build stronger client-company relationship. 
Represented the company relevant events and expo s nationally and internationally (Ad-tech London, Ad- tech Barcelona, Internet world, Marketing Week.) 
Times Business Solutions Ltd. Hyderabad 
Account Manager May 2007 November 2008 Consistently met and exceeded the management s sales quota Accountable to manage and execute the Top Accounts Programme in the region. 
Built direct contacts and strengthened relationships with key-decision makers; C-level Critical team member, who planned and executed one of the largest Job fairs in India, resulting in an average of 50+ participating clients and over 300,000 job-seekers in attendance Ideated, planned and executed mini-vertical specific job fairs in Tier-1 and Tier-2 cities Organized exclusive recruiting campaign drives for mass-recruitment clients (GE, Wipro, Bank of America, etc.) Bank of America Continuum Solutions, Hyderabad 
Call Quality Analyst 
May 2006 May 2007 
Evaluated calls and provide feedback to agents located in 26 different sites across the U.S 
Ensure agents are on par with the compliance and quality standards, set by the line of business Analyze and maintain records of quality trend and scores to improve overall customer satisfaction Conduct calibrations with other QA s and business managers for regular updates on quality standards 
GECFS 
Exxon Mobil, Hyderabad Credit Analyst June 2005 May 2006 Maintain customer data base and relations with offshore Exxon Mobil credit card customers Examine the financial history of customers to determine their creditworthiness using various analytical tools Education 
Kingston University 
MBA, Marketing (2009 2010) 
Specialisation: Project Management, International marketing and Services marketing Bhavan s Vivekananda College of Science, Humanities and Commerce 
B.Com, Business Studies (2002 2005) Activities and Societies: AIESEC Sherwood Public School 
ICSE/ISC-2002 
Certification: "SALES COACHING" Formal certified 3- days Training Session Attended 
Technical Proficiencies: 
MS Office, Mac OS and Windows OS 
Interests 
I m passionate about motorcycling, sports, world cinema and travel. I have a great interest towards social media and new tech. I ve also been a part of trekking expeditions on various Himalayan routes. 
Recommendation available at http://uk.linkedin.com/in/varunkshetty 
