KellyAherne- Curriculum Vitae 
Address:166Arkwrights, Harlow, Essex, CM203NA 
Phone number:07984425937Email:kellyaherne@live.co.uk Profile 
Iam a hard-working and reliable individual who is eager to work in an office environment after recently finishing a temporary sales assistant job and working in another busy office. Also prior to working as the receptionist in a beauty salon for two years, my background was not in thebeauty industry,however during my time working thereI was able to show that I can adapt to a new environment and use my excellent administration and organisation skillsgained from both college and from my love of using my computer at home in an environment that I have not worked in before. 
Confident and highly motivated, I am capable of taking on many responsibilities and prioritising work in order to meet specific deadlines. I am approachable and friendly, and able to work with others in a team aswell as independently.With the ability to work exceptionally fast and with good attention to detail, I would ideally like to implement these qualities into a bigger and more challenging role with customer service or an animal based environment. 
Key skills Amethodical and organised approach to work Good communication and listening skills Computer literate withexcellenttyping skills 
A good level of English, spelling and grammar Good telephone manner Excellent time management and the ability to prioritise workload Able to use own initiative and work independently Good knowledge of office technology Word, Excel, Access, Power Point 
Web design knowledge Work history November 2016 to December 2016 
HMV, Harlow, Essex 
Working as a sales assistant in a temp Christmas job 
My responsibilities included: 
Serving customers at the till area Approaching customers and offering help Having knowledge about the products if customers had enquiries To always be friendly and helpful February 2015 to November 2016 
Banctec Ltd, Harlow, Essex 
Working as a data entry operator in a busy office environment. 
My responsibilities included: 
Capturing customer information. 
Maintaining customer confidence and protecting operation by keeping information confidential. 
Decision making by verifying entered customer and account data by reviewing, correcting and re-entering data if anything is incorrect. 
Paying close attention to detail. 
Prioritising work to meet deadlines. 
Working quickly and accurately without mistakes. 
July 2013 to June 2015 
Shwe Tan Beauty and Tanning Salon, Old Harlow, Essex 
Working as a receptionist in a busy salon environment. 
My responsibilities included: 
Greeting each client in a warm and friendly manner, welcoming in them to the salon, and checking them in for their appointment. 
Takingpayment fromclientsfor their booking. 
Taking bookings from clients via telephone, email, the app, social media sitesand from clients in person. 
Checking clients have filled out their consultation cards correctly, and inputting this information onto the salon system. 
Banking of cash and logging onto the in-house system. 
Emailing management with updates and any client queries which myself or any of the beauticians are unable to answer. 
The responsibility of opening the salon and well as cashing up at the end of the day and closing the salon. 
Ensuring the salon is kept clean at all times, and cleaning the salon and sun beds at the end of each day. 
Receiving deliveries, checking these to delivery notes, and updating the salon system with the new stock. 
Carrying out weekly stock checksand replenishing stock on shelves. 
Updating the website and the app with any current offers. 
Aftera new system was installed in the salon, I was key to this being implemented by ensuring I accurately transferred all client data from the old system to the new system. I was given the task of testing the new system and finding issues which would come up when it was implemented fully into the salon. 
August 2012 to May 2013 
Pitney Bowes Management Services, Harlow, Essex 
Worked in a temporary production operator role through Office Angels agency. 
Duties included dealing with incoming and outgoing post, operating printing and franking machines, keying data onto database, printing correct mail pieces onto correct cheque number, and general filing and ad-hoc duties. 
February 2012 to August 2012 
Age UK, Harlow, Essex 
Volunteered in a charity shop on a part time basis. 
Duties included working on the shop floor, operating the till, helping prepare clothes and items to besold, pricing items and stocking the shelves. 
March 2011 to April 2011 -BanctecLtd,Harlow, Essex 
Worked in a temporary data entry role through Adecco agency. 
Duties included keying data into the system, with other jobs such as preparing applications to be scanned, franking mail and sending out post. 
November 2008 to January 2009 - Manor of Groves Hotel, Sawbridgeworth, Hertfordshire 
Worked in a temporary role as a food and beverage assistant over the Christmas period. 
Duties included preparing tables, serving drinks and dinner, helping guests and clearing/cleaning cutlery, dishes and glasses. 
Education/qualifications September 2008 to June 2010 - Harlow College, Harlow, Essex 
BTEC National Diploma for I.T Practitioners, finishing grade DistinctionDistinctionMerit (DDM). 
July 2005 to July 2007 - I.S.S Harlow, Essex 
GCSE 
English Literature C, English Language C, I.C.T - C , Graphics - B, Maths E, Science E, CLAIT - Pass. 
Interests and hobbies 
In my spare time I enjoy spending time with my friends and family, reading fiction books, playing guitar and writing film reviews on my online blog and producting/hosting a film podcast. In school I also had a passion for writing and had three short stories published in "Telling T.A.L.E.S from Essex" books. 
References 
Will be provided upon request. 
