NIKOLAY KOLEV 
16 Winchester Gardens 
Luton, Beds, LU3 3UD nikolaykolev@ymail.com 
07723546036 
RECENT EMPLOYMENT HISTORY 
Sep 2016 
Dec 2016 Representative in Department: Corporate Solution Delivery in Life Assurance and Pension provider Admin Re, part of the global corporate structure 
Swiss Re : 
Dedicated software platform ALPHA cover around 95 % of complex calculations in regard to Pension pots and Life policies and the rest of 5% need to be extracted and prepared for manual calculations. My role was primary connected with policyholders' data retrieval from database (Transfer Values of Pension pots or Regulatory imposed Projections) and manually inputting it in excel spreadsheets from where Manual Calculations Team take over the process of calculations or if ALPHA returned values imputing the data and preparing for Mail Merge outbound correspondence to Customers. 
May 2016 June 2016 
Freight Auditor in 4PL department within GEFCO 3PL UK 
Oversee the end-to-end invoicing process for transportation services. Auditing freight rates and rating methods, ensure that all costs associated with the companys transportation services are invoiced efficiently and accurately. 
Mar 2016 May 2016 
ID&V Analyst in Betfair Ltd 
Customer Identification and Verification Analysis as first line of defense in Fraud Department, part of Financial Risk Management division. Activity included persistent application of the four elements of sound KYC programme: 
Customer Acceptance Policy 
Customer Identification 
On-going monitoring of higher risk accounts Risk management 
The activity combines compliance knowledge with multitasking, research, presentations and communications skills. I witnessed the strive to balance between Risk Management for compliance purposes, Risk Management for supporting company's performance goals and from the other hand to not impact negatively customer experience. 
Mar 2015 
Dec 2015 Administrator in Compello Group 
(Debt purchase Company, recently acquired from the Debt Collection company Robinson Way, part of the Swedish Hoist Finance 
Participating in documents workflow. Processing inbound and outbound post. Scanning and electronic allocation of documents to the relevant departments: Legal, Complaints, Debt Management, Collection or Trace (process known as Indexing). Completing the final stage of writing off the Customer's balance (Debt). Verifying the agreed final settlement by double checking the reason and the agreed parameters of the deal such as percentage of the discount and amount. Triggering software generated outbound letters and leaving notes in company's internal software systems as FCA requirement for information storage and management. Broad periodic training of the FCA compliance in respect to dealing with Customers with near 100% scores on the tests. 
Nov 2014 
Feb 2015 Trainee Customer Service Representative in TSYS Managed Services EMEA Ltd 
Common activities included, Cardholder Verification in the context of PCI DSS, conveying Credit Card Products specifications to prospective and existing customers of the outsourcing client, without crossing the border with Financial Advice field, Block and Transfers with transactions verification, Money Transfers, Debt Transfers, Direct Debit set up and amend, Payments from different channels and timescales, balance and transactions queries. 
The position demanded to grasp Credit Card time series calculations, authorizations, authentication process, settlement and clearance, through navigation of TS2 card processing system. 
Providing the customer factual information using plain English instead of jargon, in a positive mood for delivering outstanding customer service during inbound calls. Liaise with Fraud Department, Collections, Operations team. 
July 2013 - Dec 2015 Subcontractor Self Employed Interpreter 
From/Into English - Russian - Bulgarian, bridging the linguistic gap between service users such as NHS, Justice System, Private Contractors. Pearl Linguistic Ltd 
Mar 2009 
July 2013 Licensed Private Hire Vehicle Driver in London. 
This job combine Customer Service Skills including politeness and adaptiveness, punctuality, work under pressure. 
Media Cars, Skyline Express 
17.03.2008 
13.11.2008 Bond Loan Administration in Raiffeisenbank 
Administration of Bond Loan Emissions. Undertaking Trustee functions on behalf of the bank including: 
Ensuring regulatory compliance for IPO, respectively interacting with the national regulator: 
Financial Supervision Commission (FSC). 
Trustee functions: Credit quality monitoring of pools of underlying assets in Asset-backed securities, ensuring adherence to debt covenants, other contractual arrangements and national law. 
Liaising with Payment department for in/out cash settlement in conjunction with security origination and placements. 
Liaising with Dealing department in regard to interest rate valuation of floating-rate debt securities. Periodic reports preparation of fixed income securities for payments schedule and term structure 04.11.2005. 
17.03.2008 Bank Card Specialist in Raiffeisenbank (Bulgaria) 
I was part of four members control body, charged to conduct exhaustive control over the credit approval activity of about 30 members of Credit and Debit Card Department. Duties included Operational and Credit risk assessment with authorisation functions and authority to enter into contract from behalf of the Bank as a final stage of debit and credit card limit approval before transferring the order for cards issuing. 
22.07.2004 
24.01.2005 
Bank Card Specialist in Allianz Bulgaria Participating in electronic file processing and communication with National Card Operator in conjunction with debit and credit card two way money flow settlement. Organising logistics of debit and credit cards 
19.05.2003 
15.01.2004 Customer Service Representative in UBB 
Interacting with customers presenting them and performing all types of retail banking products at front office level. Applying high level of integrity and thorough familiarity with technical aspects of product range providing clients with options for informed decisions. I have conducted Opening, Maintenance of Clients Accounts, Credit Approval and control. Bank transactions and Western Union Money Transfer System. EDUCATION 
Master Degree in Economics (2006 - 2007) NARIC recognised and compatible to British taught Master degree standard. Principal subjects: Banking, Banking law, Financial programming, Corporate finance, International finance 
University : St. Cyril and St. Methodius University of Veliko Tarnovo - Bulgaria 
Bachelor degree in Finance: (2000 - 2004) NARIC recognised and comparable to British bachelor degree standard. Principal subjects: Macroeconomics, Mathematic, Microeconomics, Informatics, Statistic, Accounting, Management, Law, Public finance, Banking, International finance, Investment, Auditing, Corporative finance 
University : University of National and World Economy (UNWE) Sofia. ACCA recognized: 
F1 Accountant in Business 
F2 
Management Accounting 
F3 Financial Accounting 
