Aamer Issac Delvi 
PROFILE Techno commercially sophisticated and business-savvy professional with 8+ years of experience in IT Hardware, Software and Networking Products Planning & Key Account 
Management in IT Industry 
A Bachelor s Degree in IT with experience in B2B sales, relationship management, end to end sales and Client Relationship Management. 
Key competencies are as follows: Extensive experience in Product, Solution and service selling Experience in Channel Sales Experience in B2B sales and Account Management Experience in IT Hardware technologies like Servers, Storage, Networking and virtualization Excellent Analytical and Problem Solving Skills . 
EXPERIENCE 
Enterprise Product Specialist - Global 500 Accounts, Dell Technologies (Jan 2013- Present) 
Handling global accounts for large enterprise segment. Working on all Sales & Pre-Sales activities, giving optimal architectural & technical solution to customers in terms of Product positioning, Technical presentation, RFI / RFP responses & closing the deal for Dell servers, storage, networking, software & services. Act as a technical resource to support the sales organization to meet and exceed their objectives. Assist in providing technical expertise and development of the broader team. 
Key Skills 
IT Infrastructure Design and Planning. 
Expertise in Server & Storage Technologies 
Backup & Recovery solutions 
SAN, NAS & iSCSI solutions. 
Server & storage Consolidation & Virtualization 
Active & Converged infrastructure Expertise in Thin clients & Virtual Desktops 
Networking 
IT Security Solutions 
Expert in Sun & Dell Online Configurator 
Cloud solutions 
Achievements: Recognized as the Best Product Specialist 2015, 2016 Silver Award 2016, for outstanding achievement in last 4 Qtrs. 
Sales Manager Global 500 Accounts, Dell India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore (Sep 2010- Jan 2013) 
Manage entire operations of Dell s business in India in my Accounts Work with cross functional teams on account operations like Order processing, Pricing, Collections and Finance Work On Sales Leads generated by the marketing team and convert them to actual revenue Participation in RFP s, RFQ s and RFI s of both local and global scope Achieve Quarterly revenue targets for my set of accounts Educating customers on Dell s Enterprise and Client product and service foot print through events on site and online Demo s Working on specific targets based on Servers, Storage, Networking and Clients Being the single Point of contact for all revenue creation and generation activities 
Being the second level of escalation for all support functions in my account Managing the Indian scope of all Global deals in my accounts Work closely with Channel partners and co-ordinate partner deals Sizing and mapping solutions, service and storage portfolio 
Being the first point of contact for all quote submission and pricing discussions 
Achievements: Recognized as the best performer for 2012, 2013. 
Appreciated Globally for selling path breaking technology along with our Dell s solution experts in my Account Recognized on multiple occasions for Wining High Value Deals and Seamless 
Execution 
Sr. Business Development Executive, Disk Doctors Lab Pvt Ltd, Bangalore (Feb 
2009-Sep 2010) 
Provide highly customized solutions for our clients in the Software Companies, Digital Imaging, Print and Small Medium Business. 
Products handled Data Recovery software s on Windows platform and Macintosh 
Managing entire cycle of sales process including marketing. 
It includes understanding the customer s needs and providing him with swift solutions Finalization orders and timely execution of order Overseeing after sales support Key account management Handled data recovery software s Business Development Executive, Ample Technologies Pvt Ltd, Bangalore (May 
2005-Sep 2007) Devise and deliver highly customized solutions for our clients in the Software 
Industry, Digital Imaging, Print, & the Video editing industry. Products handled - Apple hardware, software s and supporting peripherals. 
Managing entire cycle of sales process from prospecting to booking the order. 
It includes preparation of the order evaluation collection of purchase order, Finalization orders and timely execution of order Overseeing after sales service Key account management. 
Ensuring timely collection of outstanding payments Training for the team, on developments in and around the electronics and IT field. 
Training the team on various software s such as iWork s, iLife, Mac OSX, Final Cut Studio, Aperture, Microsoft Suite. 
EDUCATION: BACHELOR OF COMPUTER APPLICATION National College, Jayanagar. Estd1986 (Affiliated to Bangalore University) (PUC) VIJAYA COLLEGE, BANGALORE 
(SSLC) SUDHARSHAN VIDYA MANDIR 
ADDITIONAL QUALIFICATION: Nutanix Platform Professional 
Nutanix Platform Sales Engineer VMware Technical Sales Professional 
HOBBIES Travelling, Football, Gardening PERSONAL DETAILS: D.O.B 27/04/1986 Gender: 
Male 
Nationality: 
Indian Address: 
44/32 East End Main 9th Block Jayanagar 560069 
Contact No: 
(Mob) +91 98456 95677 
Email Id 
aamerissac@gmail.com 
