Anoop Kumar Verma Present Address: 
E-Mail: anoop0788@gmail.com H. No. SF-2, Plot no. 129, Sector-4, 
Phone: +91-8010710452 
Vaishali, Ghaziabad (U.P) 
An enthusiastic & high energy driven team player, targeting challenging assignments in online sale, Logistics, with an organization of high repute. 
Sincere & result oriented professional with a qualitative experience of more than 2 years. 
Good command over online Panels like Flip-kart, Amazon, Snap Deal, etc. 
Product management (Listing, Inventory, etc) Logistics Management. 
G.K. Publications Pvt Ltd, Noida (August 2015 
Till date) G. K. Publications publishes a wide variety of career and academic test preparation and skill-building resources designed for lifelong learning, established in 1994 with a vision to cater the changing demands of the Indian education scenario. 
In 2011, G. K. Publications integrated into CL Educate Ltd. earlier known as Career Launcher. This association seems to an enhanced platform for G. K. Publications to strengthen its already strong content pool. CL Educate brought on board several titles that enhanced G.K. Publications product range and also assisted in venturing new verticals. 
Key Result Areas: 
Responsible for product updation over online portals. 
Accountable for price management of new as well as old Products. 
Management of received orders which includes: 
1. Order Validation 2. Printing of Orders 3. Arrange Packing 4. Dispatch Document Preparation & Generation 5. Packed Order Dispatching 6. Order Tracking 7. RTO Management 
GKP Website management. 
Logistics Management (For Amazon, Flipkart & Snap Deal). 
CAREER OBJECTIVE:- 
WORK EXPERIENCE:- PROFILE SUMMARY:- 
Hindustan Aeronautics Limited, Accessories Division Lucknow (April 2012 April 2013) 
Accessories Division of HAL was established in 1970 with the primary objective of manufacturing systems and accessories for various aircraft and engines and attains self sufficiency in this area. The Division started with manufacturing various Systems and Accessories viz, Hydraulics, Engine Fuel System, Air-conditioning and Pressurization, Flight Control, Wheel and Brake, Gyro & Barometric Instruments. 
The Division is networked with all sister Divisions and R& D Centers by LAN/WAN. Lean manufacturing and 
ERP have been implemented to create an efficient manufacturing system. 
Key Result Areas: 
HAL Internal Software Management. 
Management of Technical Specification (Layout) of different parts of Aircraft. 
Preparing various parts of Aircrafts which includes Fuel Sensing Probe, Temperature Switch, etc 
Pre-Quality check of Aircraft parts. 
Adobe Photoshop 
MS Office (Excel, Word, PowerPoint &Outlook) Masters of Business Administration (Information System) from Sikkim Manipal University in 2014 Bachelor of Technology (Electronics & Communication) from HR Institute of Technology, Ghaziabad, Uttar Pradesh in 2011 Date of Birth: 07th November 1988 
Marital Status: Unmarried 
Permanent Address: Street no. 19, Adarsh Nagar Colony Roza, Shahjahanpur (U.P) I hereby declare that all the above details provided by me are true to best of my knowledge. 
Date: (Anoop Kumar Verma) 
Place: 
PREVIOUS WORK EXPERIENCE:- 
IT SKILLS:- 
EDUCATION:- PERSONAL DETAILS:- 
