VIDUSHI UPADHYAY 
E-mail:-vidushi.rj7878@gmail.com 
Mobile: 8867795568 
Career Objective 
My goal is to associate myself with a company where I can utilize my skills and gain further experience while enhancing the company s productivity and reputation. 
Skills Set 
Strong communication skills 
Team player 
Strong analytical skills 
Willingness to learn Passionate about my work. 
Technical Skills 
Microsoft Office Google Sheets,Docs 
Google Analytics 
Internet use for research Work Experience 
Company Name: 
Abyeti Technologies 
Designation: 
Marketing Trainee 
Key Responsibilities: 
Branding and positioning for the new product line from Abyeti Technologies, Code Ground 
An online testing platform for the recruiting firms. 
Responsible for the end to end marketing as the product line is new and the firm has one centralized marketing team. 
Making cold calls and generating prospective leads. 
Giving demos to the prospective leads and working on lead conversions. 
Was a part of social media marketing team and lead the online hackathon for promotional purposes. 
Experience in writing content article for promotion and blog creation using Tumblr. 
Done marketing competitive analysis of other products. 
Key Contributions: 
Scheduled Demonstrations and got 3 conversions in the span of 4 months. 
Academic Details 
B.Tech graduate from BBD NIIT College Lucknow in year 2016 with 68 %. 
Senior secondary passed from Rani Laxmi Bai School in year 2012 with 73.6 %. 
High School passed from Mount Carmel Convent in year 2010 with 70.2 %. 
Extra-Curricular Activities 
Participated in various national youth talent hunt, quizzes at school level and national level both Participated in several school level sports activities and awarded prizes for the same Involved in cultural activities held at school and in other regional fests Personal Details 
Date of Birth: 
7th August, 1995 
Languages: 
English, Hindi 
Address: 
New Ashwini Executive Pg #983, 5th 
C cross, Kormagala, 1st Block 
Near Wipro Park, Bangalore-560034 
