 RESUME 
Sagar Lalchand Samtani 
B3-404, 4th floor, Raunak City, Adharwadi, Near Don Bosco School, Kalyan(west) - 421301 
Dist: Thane 
Mob No: 9833809003/ 7506204985 
Email Id: samtani.sagar@gmail.com 
MCA-2014 Batch 
Objective: 
Intend to build a career with leading corporate of Hi-Tech environment with committed and dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully to my Potential where I can utilize my knowledge for the organization s growth. 
Educational Qualification: 
Name of the Course Name of the Institute Percentage Year 
M.C.A. 
Thakur Institute of Management 
Studies, Career Development & Research 
(University of Mumbai) 62.22% 2014 B.Sc. 
(Computer Science) Moolji Jaitha College Jalgaon (North Maharashtra University 
Jalgaon) 68.32% 2009 HSC (Science) 
Moolji Jaitha College Jalgaon 51.50% 2006 SSC Carmel Convent Junagadh(Vadodara Board Gujarat) 75.57% 2004 Work Experience in brief: 
Technical 
Employer Duration Total duration Designation 
From Till Zeus Learning 6th Jan, 2014 30th June 2015 1 year 6 months Software Engineer 
Built.io 1st July 2015 till date 1 year 6 months Web Engineer 
Non 
- Technical 
Skill Set: 
Programming Languages : C, C++, JAVA, VB 6.0 Web language Technologies :JavaScript, JQuery, Backbone.js, HTML 5, CSS 3 
RDBMS : Oracle 9i, SQL, Microsoft Access 2007/2010 
Communication Skill Set: 
Proficiency in English speaking 
Mails writing skills Roles & Responsibilities at Work: 
At Zeus Learning : 
Project : Discovery Education 
Team Size : 35 (Excluding testers) 
Task : To build the educational templates(also known as training enhanced interface(TEI)) that were not just the reading articles, but building two way communication between the user (students, teachers) and TEI. 
TEI basically is the tool to generate the questions of that particular TEI & set the answers accordingly, whereas on the other hand user(student) interacts with the tool and attempts the questions with the limited tries. 
Also covered accessibility for all the TEIs 
Technologies Used: Backbone.js, Javascript, Jquery, Html, Css. 
Other libraries/technologies used: 
Underscore, Bootstrap, Grunt, RequireJS, Handlebars.js, jsPlumb, Paper.js. 
Version Control System Used: Git 
Employer Duration Total duration Designation 
From Till 
TCS - eServe Ltd. 27th July, 2009 31st Aug, 2011 2 years 1 month Process Associate in Operations 
At Built.io : 
Project : Vcloud Vmware Calculators 
Team Size : 4 (Excluding testers) 
Task : To build the calculators that estimates the cost of cloud storage and many other related services. 
To customize the each service, setting the initial configs and changing the values according to the user inputs. Complex calculations of each services and various combination of all together. 
Technologies Used: AngularJS, Javascript, Jquery, Html, Css. 
Server Side Scripting: Node.js 
Other libraries/technologies used: Lodash, Bootstrap, Gulp, Built.io Backend (Inhouse product), Built.io Contentstack (Inhouse product). 
Version Control System Used: Git and SVN 
Work Experience in Non-Technical field: 
Worked as a Process Associate in Operations department in Tata Consultancy Services (TCS) eServe Ltd for 2 years and 1 month from 27th July, 2009 to 31st August, 2011. 
Roles and Responsibilities for the same: 
Working back end accounts of the collection card of Macy s customers (U.S based departmental store tied up with Citibank). Setting various hardship arrangements which were offered to customer and maintaining it to its completion. 
Maintain the monthly report and assigning the report work to the team members, till completion. 
Trained the new joiners on the process in absence of the official trainer. 
Attended Client calls to understand expectations, provide feedback on the reports and resolve queries and escalations. 
Done quality check of the team members and providing the feedback with the corrective actions. Checking the procedure documents and escalating them for timely correction or addition. 
Coming up with suggestion for the change or addition in working style to provide better quality work and time reduction in total. 
Achievement: 
Been part of best team award of the month and hence received certificate for the same. 
Extra Curricular Activities: 
Successfully organized college Technical Fest VISTA 2013 for Thakur Institute of Management Studies, Career Development and Research(TIMSCDR) as a Core 
Committee Member held in 2013. 
Felicitated and appreciated for playing major role in organizing Entrepreneurship cell AYAN s festival 
Entrepreneurship-Week for TIMSCDR held in 2013. 
Active 
Member of Student Council Committee in 
Thakur 
Institute of Management 
Studies, Career Development and Research from 2011 till 2014. 
Performed and led street play for University of Mumbai s annual extension work festival called UDAAN in 2013. 
Served as E-member of Entrepreneurship cell AYAN from 2011 till 2014. 
Participated in Entrepreneurship-Week and Business Mela for AYAN in 2011 and 2012. 
Projects undertaken such as 
Anna Poorna Yojna at University Level (Department of Lifelong Learning and Extension). 
Won 2nd prize in "Paper Tecture" event organized by Entrepreneurship cell AYAN s festival 
Entrepreneurship-Week held in 2013. 
Received certificates in "Chess Competition" and "IT Quiz competition". 
Personal Details: 
Birth date : 5th January, 1989 Place of birth : Malegaon, Maharashtra 
Sex : Male 
Languages known : English, Hindi, Sindhi, Marathi, Gujarati 
Hobbies : Watching Movies, Playing Table Tennis & Chess, Bike Riding 
