POOJA PANDE 
E-mail - pooja.pande11@gmail.com Phone - +91-9538554262 EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 
Degree/Education Institute Year CGPA/% 
M.Tech ( IS ) M.S.Ramaiah 2015 8.5 
B.E ( IT ) TIT, Bhopal 2010 69% 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Modasta (Tasman Drive Software pvt ltd ) 
Dec 15 - present Designed and created online module for health care system. 
Text query ( Team size - 2 ) Lab Booking ( Team size - 2 ) Developed RESTful API. 
Prioritizing bugs & fixing them. 
iTraveller 
Aug 
14 - Oct 
15 
In iTraveller I was a part of founding team. As a member of founding team I was continuously engaged in design and implementation of various modules of products. 
Remodeling of product on MVC model Designed and implemented REST API's. 
Did logical separation of business logic and database. 
Abstracted model to make it independent of underlying storage. 
Implemented mobile site. ( http://m.itraveller.com/ ) 
Implemented view for mobile site leveraging upon the existing model and controller of desktop site. 
This activity involved following - Understanding Laravel framework. 
Integrating the framework with desktop website Designing and implementing of views Being a part of start-up of job profile also included writing unit test plans and fixing bugs. 
Prioritizing bugs & customer escalation and assigning it to junior members and tracking its status. 
HP ( Internship ) July '13 
July '14 Developed dashboard for the automation team. 
Understood the problem definition and studied the requirement analysis of the given problem. 
Studied the database to be used for the dash board. 
Designed the UI for the dash board. 
Used WampServer (Apache : 2.4.9; MySQL : 5.6.17; PHP : 5.5.12; PHPMyAdmin : 4.1.14) . 
Used JS based charting library; highcharts for rendering the resultant graph for the user. 
Automated CLI test cases. 
Studied the already written test case and automated them in TCL. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Programming Languages : C, PHP 
Web Development Languages: Jquery, JS and AJAX. 
FrameWork : Laravel. 
CMS : Wordpress. 
Database: MySql Operating system/Platforms: Windows, Linux 
ACADEMIC PROJECTS 
Visual Sensor Network for Scalable Smart Video Surveillance 
(Major Project, Under Guidance of Prof. T. Tamilarasi, Summer-10) Objective of this project is to design and implement an algorithm for the better performance of visual sensor network when implemented as video surveillance. 
Used Python to develop the topology for the cameras assuming the orientation for the camera nodes. 
Simulated the topology in TinyOS using nesC to prove that the algorithm used gives better efficiency. 
Remote Surveillance System (Major Project, Under Guidance of Lect. S. Gupta, Summer-10) Objective of this project is to provide an application for real time monitoring and tracking of user's activity on local area network. 
Designed the front end of software using Java and logs were stored using files. 
Implemented socket programming and generated project final report and documentation. 
