WORK EXPERIENCE 
May 2016 Present 
SPACE SHEEP MEDIA LAB 
Producer 
Condura 
Noah s Park Resort 
Working as a producer for Space Sheep Media Lab is an all-around job. I had to conceptualize advertising materials for clients who wanted to promote their brand through videos on social media, compute for the budget or make do of the given amount, make all the arrangements from the shoot to the post production, man shoot days, write scripts, be hands- on during the edit, and help boost the brand s post on social media. 
December 2014 
ABS-CBN DOCUCENTRAL 
Present Video Editor 
30/630: Kwento ng DZMM 
Researcher & Production Assistant 
30/630: Kwento ng DZMM 
Politika at Pamilya: Sila-sila na noon, sila-sila pa rin ngayon 
TV Patrol: Ipanalo ang Pamilyang 
Pilipino segment 
TV Patrol: Kandidato segment Guro to Pangulo: Ang Buhay ni Elpidio 
Quirino 
Agila: Laban ng Lahi 
Ako at ang Santo Papa 
Ang Mabuting Pastol: Pope Francis sa Pilipinas 
Hari: The Making of Da King 
During the time spent working with ABS-CBN s documentary team, I was able to take part in all the levels of production. I was tasked to contribute ideas during pre-production and on scriptings, do background researches of our topics and the people involved, coordinate with interviewees and case studies, join and assist during shoots, transcribe interviews, operate Final Cut Pro to lay audio beds for editing, supervise video edits, and was fortunate enough to be given the opportunity to do the video edit myself for our documentary 
30/630: Kwento ng DZMM that aired last October. 
Patricia Nicole 
Tolentino 
Contact Numbers (+63) 917 830 3855 855 5579 E-mail Address 
pnltolentino@gmail.com 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
I look forward to gaining further knowledge and experience for my continuous growth as a communication practitioner, thus being able to contribute to the field of communication. 
SKILLS AND ABILITIES 
Relays thoughts and ideas articulately, verbally and in written materials, both in English and Filipino. 
Manages time well. 
Completes quality work punctually. 
Contributes in conceptualizing, and in creative and critical thinking. 
Sociable and is a team player, but can also deliver well independently. 
Knowledgeable on Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point, Adobe Photoshop, and Final Cut Pro. 
August 2014 ABS-CBN NEWS CHANNEL 
January 2016 Researcher & Production Assistant 
Mukha 
For this weekly documentary show that worked with a fewer number of people in its production team, compared to other shows, I was challenged to produce more outputs and devote more hours; weekly stories which required researches on possible episode case studies, oculars, pre-interviews and coordination with all the involved, join and assist during shoots, do transcript of the interviews, lay audio beds for editing, supervise video edits, make graphics from templates, provide voice over guides, and create subtitles for my episodes. I was also able to write and produce two episodes for the show. 
EDUCATION 
2010 2014 BA COMMUNICATION 
Miriam College 
Miriam College Volleyball Team, Player 
Athletics Grant Scholar, S.Y. 2012-2013 
Related Subjects: Digital Imaging, Television Production, Radio Production, Advertising, Theories and Principles of Public Relations, Marketing, Strategic 
Communication Management, Principles of Copywriting, Film Theory and Practice. 
2006 2010 SECONDARY SCHOOL 
Siena College, Taytay, Rizal 
OTHER WORK RELATED INVOLVEMENT 
April 2013 ABS-CBN (KrisTV) 
Intern 
December 2012 LOPEZ MEMORIAL MUSEUM AND LIBRARY 
March 2013 Intern 
Together with my two co-interns, we came up with a public relations plan for the museum to promote it to college students and yuppies. We also partnered with a batch of University of Santo Thomas 
CTHM students to implement our plan, where I facilitated a workshop during their event. 
REFERENCES KELVIN PAULINO HERA SANCHEZ 
Program Producer Executive Producer 
Mukha, ABS-CBN News Channel ABS-CBN DocuCentral krpaulino@gmail.com 
h.docucentral@gmail.com 
09178181244 09175508215 
