Amil Rasheed A CIMA Dip MA Mobile: +91-9633450959 Executive Summary: 
A Bachelor of Business Administration graduate (December 2013) with Diploma in Management 
Accounting (CIMA) and currently pursuing the management level of CIMA with over 3 years legal work experience gained through working for different organisations. Currently working as a freelance assignment writer exclusively for business students. Key strengths: Considerable commercial acumen from working in different types of organisations and through case studies. 
Proven verbal, written and listening skills, having edited and proofed over thousands of medical records for American hospitals and have completed many university level assignments. Proven track record of completing jobs before deadline, and delegating and leading the team in the absence of supervision. Looking for an opportunity that will coincide with the knowledge gained from CIMA studies. 
Key Skills: 
Tally (Grade A+) Strong verbal, written and listening skills 
Considerable MS Office skills Excellent typing skills of 60-70 wpm Knowledge in basic software packages and operating systems Proven ability to work under pressure Proven negotiation skills with various departments Proven ability to work in a team environment Ability to delegate jobs to team members Proven ability to organise jobs and complete tasks before deadline 
Current Role: 
2013 to date: Assignment Writer (Freelance) 
Since July 2013, I have operated as an assignment writer, completing assignments for various clients from business schools. Below is a list of assignments completed over this period. 
Selected Contract Assignments: 
BUSINESS PROJECT MANAGEMENT (2000 WORDS) Application of necessary tools in project management to complete a real life project of a local construction company. Tools such as work breakdown structure, Gantt chart and critical path diagram were used. A study into risk management and communication management was also carried out for this assignment. 
CONSUMER BEHAVIOUR AND ITS APPLICATION IN SELLING A PRODUCT (1500 WORDS) 
The assignment was to understand how market segmentation (demographic and psychographic) and social factors (reference groups and social status) can be used to provide a product of choice (Apple iPhone 5s) to customers. A power point presentation was also created as part of the assignment for group presentation. 
CRITICAL REASONING OF A GLOBAL MARKETING COMPANY (1500 WORDS) 
I was chosen to critically evaluate the success of a global marketing company of choice. The company I chose was 23red in London. A study was conducted to assess the strategies and methods used in social marketing by 23red using the 4 P's of social marketing. The study also included the corporate culture followed at 23red. 
BUSINESS AND ENTERPRISE MANAGEMENT (2000 WORDS) 
Students were asked to create a business plan to start their own enterprise and I was chosen to assist them in formulating the same for a coffee shop. The assignment included creation of a business plan, marketing plan and project management with a log of meetings held and how duties were allocated while formulating the business plan. A business plan with products and services, SWOT analysis, competition analysis and consumer demographics, and a financial plan with forecasted balance sheet, profit and loss statement and cash flow statement were produced for this assignment. 
ARTICLE CRITIQUE (1000 WORDS) 
I was tasked with the job of critically reviewing an article "Why Apple Beats Microsoft at Change Management" published by Forbes, an American business magazine by using theories/concepts applicable to the article. 
GULF LEGAL ENVIRONMENT OF BUSINESS (2000 WORDS) 
I was contracted to complete an assignment about the sources of Oman legal system. Part of the assignment was to study the case of unfair dismissal of a woman under Oman labour law and find ways to legally defend the rights of the said person. 
CRITICAL REASONING: RECENT TRENDS IN ADVERTISEMENTS (1500 WORDS) 
The objective of this assignment was to critically assess the recent trends in advertisement and their contribution to business. More recent methods of advertising such as QR codes, content marketing and programmatic marketing and their examples were included in the study. 
LEGAL ENVIRONMENT OF BUSINESS: FREE TRADE AGREEMENTS (1500 WORDS) Discussion of advantages and disadvantages of free trade agreements. The concept of conciliation and reconciliation committee was also included. 
Career Chronology: August 2010 to October 2012: Accentia Technologies: Editor/Proofer 
November 2012 to July 2013: Genesis Learning Initiatives: Editor 
Education: 
CIMA (Chartered Institute of Management Accountants) Second Level Passed 
Bachelor of Business Administration First class 12th Standard (Central Board of Secondary Education) Second Class 
10th Standard (Indian Certificate of Secondary Education) - Distinction 
Training / Qualifications / Certifications: 
Certificate in Business Accounting, CIMA 
Diploma in Management Accounting, CIMA 
Certificate in Tally Financial Accounting Programme, Grade A+ 
Master's Diploma in Project Planning and Management using Primavera 
Technical Knowledge: 
Tally ERP 9 Preparation and analysis of financial statements 
Preparation of budgets 
Spreadsheet skills Knowledge in various costing techniques Memberships: 
CIMA student membership 
Personal Details: 
Address: Yasmin Manzil, TC 24/666, Mera Nagar 100, Metukkada, Thycaud P.O., Trivandrum 
Email: amil.rasheed@hotmail.com 
Recommendations: 
Bobby Joy Proofer at M Squared, Technopark, Trivandrum. Phone: +91-9495151821 
