 PANKAJ DEB 
+91-9620955441 
pankajdeb@hotmail.com 
DOB- 01.01.1989 
HSR Layout Sector 1 Bangalore - 560102 
Profile 
To work professionally towards the progress, goodwill of the company and to accomplish the task assigned to me in a disciplined, organized and progressive way with my sincere hardwork. 
Seeking mid level managerial assignments in Marketing / Business Development / Relationship Management / Client servicing with a leading organization. 
Experience 
Manager Enterprise Sales Mettl (Induslynk Training Services) Oct 2015- Present 
Following 6 stages of IT selling right from qualifying lead to giving live demo of the product, follow-up, requirement gathering, closure, raising invoice and feedback from the client. 
Accountable for lead generation and closing deals by fixing appointment with Hr executives and HR managers. 
Taking discussion to CEO and CXO or CHRO level. 
Making them understand the companies offering and the benefits which gets derived out of the assessment solutions as well as campus hiring solutions. 
Core Competency: 
- BusinessDevelopment - Digital Marketing - Online space selling 
- SolutionSelling - StrongNegotiation 
Skills - Online/IT servicesselling 
- PromotionalSkills - Relationship Management - Research & Analytical Skills - Presentations 
Meeting the tech lead or CTO s to show them coding simulator and how a real time coding problem can be solved using coding simulators. 
Analysis of the reports which gets generated after psychometric and coding test. 
Deputy Manager Corporate Sales, Naukri.com; Bangalore May2015 Sept 2015( 5 Months) Accountable for expansion of customer base through new business development. 
Actively involved in identifying new clients and fixing appointments with them for generating leads. 
Successfully dealt and interacted with potential clients to provide end-to-end branding and recruitment solutions and thereon-developed excellent interpersonal skills. 
Worked over on uncracked, lapsed accounts and brought new clients to the account of the company. 
Assisted the Senior Managers in creating, adapting and executing market strategies for achieving the assigned targets. 
Took initiative and gathered comprehensive knowledge of other job portals & analysed its impact on the prevailing market. 
Prepared proposals, mails and documentation for the potential clients. 
Analysed client s requirement with company s core competencies, researching potential market and analysing business opportunities. 
Successfully coordinated and managed various walk-ins and Job Fair events for the clients. 
Provided daily/monthly business & collection report to reporting manager. 
Assistant Manager Corporate Sales, Naukri.com; Bangalore Oct 2014 April 2015( 7 Months) 
o Identifying and developing potential market areas/clients. 
o End to end sales inclusive of lead generation, lead conversion, client training, client servicing and post expiry renewals. 
o Negotiation for a win-win situation for the organization and the client as well. 
o Manage complex sales situations and acquire new clients based on value based selling. 
o Implementing competent strategies with a view to penetrate new accounts and upgrade existing ones. 
o Executing sales plan for prospect client on the basis of their past sales history & capacity keeping in mind the current company needs. 
o Identifying improvement areas & executing measures for maximizing customer satisfaction & retention. 
Sr. Executive Corporate Sales, Naukri.com; Bangalore Dec 2013 Sep 2014(10 Months) Cold Calling, Area Coverage and Area Mapping. 
Responsible for generating new leads and identifying new prospects. 
Responsible for creating awareness about the recruitment solutions offered by Naukri.com. 
Need Analysis & Customizing Solutions as per the client s requirements. 
Establishing relationship with decision makers, suppliers and influencers to strategically manage beneficial and profitable associations / alliances. 
Expanding the existing client base and offer optimum services to existing ones for achieving sales targets and customer satisfaction levels. 
Maintaining cordial relations with customers to sustain the profitability of the business. Technical Support Executive. Convergys India: Bangalore July 2010 April 2011(10 Months) Providing technical support on internet connectivity, browsing and emails as well as assisting customers with their billing queries while delivering quality performance. 
Deliver high quality service to Microsoft MSN customers by solving complex technical problems on internet issues(Dial up +broadband) and helping pro-actively to prevent new issues. 
>Determine problem and narrow down to a specific component using knowledge base while managing the customer s expectations for resolution. Apply expertise to resolve more than one issue at a time. 
Work on more than three computers at a time by taking control of customers dekstop using remote dekstop connection Leveraging global resources as needed to resolve customer issues. 
Develop knowledge sharing sessions for colleagues, aimed to help them ramp with new technology. 
Attend weekly team conference calls to discuss top issues, open cases and information sharing practices. 
Passion for Technology Be innovative and passionate by providing solutions using the latest Microsoft technologies. 
Identify if customer problem is caused by product defect and if so make the product team aware by filing a bug report or a design change request. 
KeyAchievements Won the new product sales competition for Sales Q1 FY 2015-2016 
Recognized for highest cheque collection. 
Efficiently managed 850 corporate clients and diligently mapped and delivered their requirements, providing them expert advisory service with periodic follow- ups. 
Received many appreciation calls from customers upon troubleshooting and providing resolutions Language proficiency 
- English - Hindi - Bengali 
Education AcademicAchievements Won the best marketing campaign competition in National level fest held at Kuvempu 
University Shimoga. 
Internship/Projects 
Summer Internship at DDB Mudra group 2 Months- 2013. 
Client Samsung 
Conducted a survey on most usable smartphone app. 
Hobbies 
Bike Riding, Watching movie, listening Music and travelling. 
Degree/Class Year College/School CGPA/Aggregate 
PGDM 
(Marketing/Financ e) 
2014 Mats Institute of management and Entrepreneurship 6.5/10 BCA 2010 East West Institute of technology 52% XII 2006 GHSS Tezu 52% 
X 2004 GHSS Tezu 70% 
