 Prince Varghese V 
Email: 
princevarghesev@gmail.com 
Phone : 9497382734 
Permanent Address 
Vakayil House , Thekkumkara P.O, Punnamparambu, Thrissur,Kerala 
PIN 680589 
Present Address 407/2172 S.T. Nagar 
Pimpri, Pune 18/ -411018 
Career Objective 
To be part of an innovative organization, which plays an important role in revolutionizing the IT industry and to be able to develop my technical skills in smarter way along with the organizational growth. 
Educational Qualification BTech in Information Technology from Govt. Engineering College Idukki with 76% , 2015 Poly Technic Diploma in Computer Engineering from Govt. Polytechnic College Chelakkara with 73% , 2011 SSLC from Nirmala High School Kundukadu, Thrissur with 82% , 2008 Technical Skills 
Programming languages : 
ColdFusion, PHP (Yii ) 
Database 
: MySQL Operating System : Windows, Linux 
Version Control System : SVN 
Others Skills : HTML, CSS, JQuery, Ajax, XML, JSON, ReST API, 
Basic programming skills in C , C++ and Java 
Work Experience Designation : 
Junior Software Engineer 
Company : LoreMine Technology Pvt. Ltd, Kakkanad, Ernakulam 
City 
: Ernakulam 
Duration : 
September - 2015 
To November - 2016 Internship Details 
Course : Diploma In PHP Technology 
Company : Sabro Software Solutions Kadavanthra, Ernakulam 
Duration : 3 Months 
Details : HTML, CSS, Jquery, Ajax, Codeigniter MVC 
Academic Project 
Project : Image Fusion Using Guided Filtering 
Domain : Image Processing 
Technology : JAVA 
Description : 
In image fusion , different images of the same object or location from different angles can be combined into a single fused image. This fused image can provide more comprehensive information about the same scene which is more useful for human and machine perception with perfect quality. This image fusion technique uses guided filter algorithm for combining the captured multiple images into single one. The guided filtering algorithm provides better quality and lesser artifacts with no noise. Image fusion using guided filtering is an important technique for various image processing and computer vision applications. 
Personal Details Date Of Birth : 23 10 1992 
Father s Name : Mr. Varghese V C 
Father Occupation 
: FCI Labour 
Mother s Name : Mrs. Alphonsa Varghese 
Hobbies : Playing football, Hearing music 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Prince Varghese V 
