 Professional 
Attributes 
Efficiency in Time Management 
Good in Calculations & Analysis 
Self-Discipline& Trust Worthy 
Willing to Share & Grow with the team 
Skills Staff Recruitment & Retention Orientation & On-Boarding HR MIS Reports Employee Relations 
Performance Management Exit Formalities HR Policies & Procedures Attendance & Leave Management Training & Development Experience DIGITAS LBI PVT. LTD. 
MUMBAI 
March 2016 Present 
Operations Associate 
Job Responsibilities: 
Tracking timesheet of employees across PAN India. 
Generating analysis & reports for the timesheet. 
Attendance & leave management. 
Joining formalities & Documentation. 
Mediclaim Enrollment of new employees, solving queries & follow ups for the claim. 
Following up & tracking for Client & Vendor payments. 
Avni N. Sampat 
HR Executive 
B/18, Ramkrupa 2, Rajaji Road, 2nd Cross Lane, Near IES Patkar School, Dombivli 
(East), Dist. Thane 421 201 
Email ID: avnisampat123@yahoo.com 
Contact Number: 9619969970 ASIAN EXHIBITIONS & CONFERENCES PVT. LTD. 
MUMBAI 
October 2013 March 2016 HR Executive 
Job Responsibilities: 
Handling salary mapping, performance review, designing KRAs, employee relations and retention. 
Responsible for end to end recruitment, including preparing job descriptions, analyzing job requirements, salary negotiation and finalizing candidates. Design and implementation of sourcing strategy. 
Conducting employee verification process for new joinees. 
Maintaining & updating employee database. 
Ensuring compliance of SOPs and company policies. 
Handle confirmations, promotions & separations. 
On boarding & Induction of the new joinees. 
Training & Development of the new joinees & of the employees whenever the need arises. 
Maintaining personal files of employee documents. 
Attendance & Leave Management 
Documentations for statutory compliances like Provident Fund, ESIC & Income 
Tax. 
Designing the KRA s of the joinees & tracking their performance and behaviour in probation period. 
Sharing monthly reports related to attendance, attrition, salary cost and revenue report with management. 
Employee Benefits - Reimbursements of phone bill & travel, Medi Claim & celebration of employee s birthdays. 
Maintaing the organisation charts & restructuring whenever required. 
Issuing Letters: Offer Letters, Appointment Letters, Increment Letters, Relieving 
Letters, Salary Certificates & any other letter as required by the employees. 
Preparation & execution of Performance Appraisal format of different levels and processing appraisals of the employees annually for PAN India. 
Grievance handling of various staff issues and queries related to various HR 
Policies. 
Counseling and mentoring employees and Management team related to employee issues and to seek an effective resolution. 
Conducting various HR activities to motivate employees. 
Conducting Exit interviews, Employee Final Settlements, relieving procedures and employee coordination. 
Initiating employee engagement activities like Blood donation, Self Defense 
Session and such other cultural events for employees & their family members. 
CRYSTAL SOLUTIONS PVT. LTD. 
MUMBAI 
Freelancing from October 2014 February 2016 
HR Recruiter 
Job Responsibilities: 
Understanding the client requirements for the current openings. 
Cold calling for sourcing the candidates according to the job description provided. 
Using different means for sourcing like job portals (job posting and mass mailing), references, LinkedIn, and other social media sites. 
Screening the candidate s profiles in detail and shortlisting the suitable profiles. 
Negotiating the salary and joining period with candidates according to client s requirements. 
Scheduling telephonic, face to face or Skype interviews of shortlisted candidates. 
Continuous follow up with candidates before and after interviews. 
Follow up with clients for the feedback of interviews and for closing of the current opening as soon as possible. 
Provide interview feedback to candidates. 
Discussing the offer letter with selected candidates and clients and negotiating with both the parties as required and be in constant touch with both parties till the joining of candidates. 
Keeping a track of visa processing and booking of air tickets for candidates if required and updating client and candidates regarding the same. 
Worked for clients in IT sector, SAP, Banking and Manufacturing. Closed permanent as well as contract positions for local as well as international locations like Oman, Singapore, Dammam, Fujairah, Dubai and Abu Dhabi. 
Education MULUND COLLEGE OF COMMERCE 
Mumbai University 2009- 2012 Bachelor of Management Studies in Human Resources 
DR. AMBEDKAR COLLEGE OF LAW 
Mumbai University 2014-2015 Diploma in Labor Law 
Hobbies Reading Novels & Good Articles 
Listening to Music Swimming 
I hereby declare that the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge. 
Signature, Avni N.Sampat 
