CURRICULUM VITAE 
PERMINDER JEET SINGH 
Contact Information: 
Address :51B Street No. 4 LaxmiVihar, Uttam Nagar New delhi-110059 
Mobile : 9555115004 
E-mail :perminder999@gmail.com 
PERSONAL SUMMARY 
Focused, results-oriented professional with over six years of experience in progressively proven proficiency in client and customer handling. Skilled at developing and implementing training programs and user manuals. Significant experience of working in start-ups and taking on varied responsibilities as per the needs of the company. 
Now looking for a clients or customers management role in an organization that offers a genuine opportunity for progression. 
Experience Snapshot: 
1.)Company name : 
Hunger Media Pvt. Ltd Designation : Operations &Customer Relations Manager 
Duration : August 2015 to Present 
Company Profile: 
HungerMafia began its journey in 2015 to help the diners with easy table reservations and instant discounts. It allows you to browse through various restaurants and make your pick. Our prime motto is to cater you with delicious meals and make your visit worthwhile. We strive to let the users unfold the real meaning of food. With our user-friendly app, you do not need to log in every time to grab a bite of your favorite cuisine. 
Key Deliverables: 
Responding to issues such as service inquiries, problem resolution, and retaining accounts. 
Handling customer escalations and all customer relations issues. 
Writing reports and business correspondence. 
Relaying information in a concise and clear manner. 
Managing customer expectations. 
Building customer relationships and loyalty. 
Quickly researching and investigating issues that concern a customer. 
Managing customer service teams, processes, and polices. 
Creating work schedules. 
Conducting visual observations of how staff speak to customers. 
Allocating staff resources. 
Preparing daily, weekly, and monthly reports for senior managers. 
Coaching and developing team members in soft skills. 
Assessing the customer service department s operational performance against set targets. 
Promoting products and services. 
Directly supervising and coordinating the activities of all customer service employees. 
Training staff on customer service operating procedures. 
Authorizing refunds or other compensation to customers. 
Managing service operations with focus on implementing policies & procedures. 
Able to handle complaints, aggressive customers and difficult situations. 
2.) Company name : ZOPO Mobiles Pvt. Ltd. Designation 
: Manager - Customer Relations. 
Duration : January 2013 to July 2015. 
Company Profile: 
ZOPO Mobiles is a leading Chinese Android Phone Company. In India it has created revolutionary changes in the Android Market. 
Ensured that staff is motivated, monitored and measured in line with company targets and performance standards. Responsible for making sure that any gaps in performance or quality are quickly identified and addressed. Produced accurate reports on team performance for senior managers. 
Key Deliverables: 
Prepared daily workloads for staff & coordinated the daily allocation of work. 
Motivated the team to achieve high standards. 
Handled new client enquiries and acted as the face of the business. 
Resolved problems and issues which arose. 
Worked with the sales and marketing team to drive sales forward. 
Mentored and trained junior and new staff. 
Monitored& reported on standards & performance targets. 
Arranged& chaired weekly team meetings, focusing on targets & achievements. 
Implemented new initiatives. 
Recruited of new staff. 
Praised team members and created a positive working environment. 
Handled complaints and queries of customer through email chat and calls. 
Ensured timely processing of customer orders and helped resolve customer disputes. 
Developed feedback or complaints procedures for customers to use 
Attended to queries related to franchise through phone, mail and personal visit. 
Handled all dispatch, packaging and delivery related works. 
3.) Company name : GS1 India. (New Delhi) 
Designation : Customer Relation Executive 
Duration : July 2012 to December 2012 
Profile: 
Attended to queries related to barcode through phone, mail and personal visit. 
Responsible for giving initial demo or training to customers, those who came personally for registration. 
Performed duties in the account retention department retaining customers who wanted to cancel their accounts. 
Worked with Customer Relation Manager to ensure proper customer service is being delivered. 
Resolved product or service problems by clarifying the customer's complaint; determined the cause of the problem; selected and explained the best solution to solve the problem. 
Responsible for collection of documentation from clients for barcode registration 
Prepared product or service reports by collecting and analyzing customer information. 
Contributed to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. 
4.) Company name : CDG 
Designation : 
Sr. Executive- Customer Relation. 
Duration 
: December 2010 to June 2012 
Profile: 
Prioritized sales services and achieved new client acquisition goals. 
Provided sales strategy and expertise in proposal development to help close new business. 
Provided regular feedback to senior management about marketplace and competitor activity. 
Developed effective working relationships with customers through regular meetings and identified and obtained further sales and business development opportunities Collected Data and Marketing of certificates 
Handled all marketing calls inbound and outbound. 
5.) Company name : IBM DAKSH 
Designation : CCE 
Duration : January 2009 to November 2010 
Profile: 
Attended to escalated calls apart from taking normal calls. 
Conveyed the client requirements to the team with regards to the process. 
Attained daily, weekly and monthly targets specified by the process. 
Provided feedback to the process manager at the end of the day. 
Professional Qualification: Completed MBA marketing from SikkimManipal University. 
Completed Graduation in B.A (Prog.)from Delhi University 
Academic Qualification: 
Successfully completed Sr. Secondary Examination from C.B.S.E Board in year 2005. 
Successfully completed Secondary Examination from CBSEBoard in year 2003. 
Computer Skills 
Applications: Zendesk, Trello, Pipe Drive, Knowlarity IVR, Zopim Chat, CRM, DBM (Data Base 
Management), MS Outlook. 
Platforms: 
Windows XP, Windows 7, Ms Office, Personal Details: 
Father s name 
: Mr. Malkit Singh 
Date of Birth 
: Aug 22th 1987 
Language Known : English, Hindi, Punjabi 
Hobbies : 
Hockey, Music, Travel, Technology and Gadgets 
Nationality : Indian 
Dated: 
(PerminderJeet Singh) 
