 1 SHREYAS CHIKKANNA 
Email: shreyas.1790@gmail.com 
Phone: 9686460232 OBJECTIVE 
I am looking forward for a career which provides an environment to put into practice my skills and capabilities, offers a learning experience and sufficient challenges so that it would help bring out the best in me and provides me ample opportunity for professional growth. 
PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS 
A dynamic enthusiastic fresher with a zeal to work in the field of web developing and designing. 
Strong technical, analytical, problem solving & multitasking abilities. 
An effective communicator with excellent team building & interpersonal skills. 
Strong analytical skills, quick learner. 
Good knowledge in HTML5 & CSS3, Bootstrap, jQuery,wordpress. 
Basic knowledge in JavaScript,PHP, Photoshop. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS Hardware Exposure Arduino uno, Microprocessors. 
Operating System Windows 
Programming Languages C 
Tools Worked On MATLAB,ARDUINO,DREAMWEAVER and PHOTOSHOP 
Scripting Languages Javascript,PHP. 
Application Packages 
Adobe, MS Office Operating Systems Windows NT/2000/XP 
Basic Knowledge HTML5,CSS3,Bootstrap, jQuery . 
2 
PROJECT WORK 
Kensho Interior Designers www.kdesigners.net23.net Project 
Kensho designers Website 
Environment Web design Role Web Designer Team Size 1 Duration On going 
Project Description: 
Kensho Designers, an interior designing company in Bangalore needed a website to establish themselves and reach their clients online. They needed a basic website with various aspects about their company and services provided. 
And elaborated design idea with galleries and detailed listings of their services and contact details. 
The website was created according to their need with HTML and CSS coding and also using JavaScript with latest layout designs. 
Shreyas Chikkanna www.shreyaschikkanna.site88.net Project 
Personal Website 
Environment Web design Role Web Designer Team Size 1 Duration 2 weeks 
Project Description: 
This project was Personal websites designed for my resume presentation with latest design templates and completely responsive website. 
The website was created with HTML and CSS coding, Bootstrap for responsive design also using JavaScript plugins with contemporary designs. 
LI2 INNOVATIONS AND BANGALORE INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY 
Project SMART CAMERA TRAPS FOR NATIONAL PARKS. 
Environment ARDUINO 
Role TEAM MEMBER Team Size 3 Duration 3 months 
Project Description: 
Studying animal movement and distribution is of critical importance to addressing Environmental challenges including invasive species, infectious diseases and climate. Motion Sensitive camera traps offer a visual sensor to record the presence of a species at a location, Recording their movement. 
This camera trap was designed as a wildlife research tool combining low cost, ruggedness, low weight, long battery life, threat detection and sufficient picture quality for Individual animal identification. 
We suggest that the continued development of these hardware, software, and analytical tools in concert, offer an exciting sensor-network solution to monitoring of animal Populations which could realistically scale over larger areas and time spans. 
3 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS SL.No Institution Degree Year Grade 1. Bangalore Institute Of technology (BIT), Bangalore (India) 
University: -V.T.U (Visvesvaraya 
Technological University) B.E (Telecommunication) 
2015 First class 2. Kumran s Composite pu college, bangalore Pre University College (PUC) 
2008 First class 3. Auden high school, Bangalore, India S.S.L.C Board 2006 First class Extra-curricular activities and Achievements 
Worked as web designer for college department website www.telecombit.com 
Participated in various web designing competitions. 
Performance in various cultural activities. 
And good leadership qualities. 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above information is correct up to my knowledge and I solely will be responsible for any discrepancy found in them. 
