 about chahat.rashmi@ gmail.com 
9430055812 Arunalaya, South Church Road 
Near Kochar Petrol Pump Gaya, Bihar skills Communication 
AutoCAD 
Writing 
Fine Arts hobbies 
Travelling 
Writing and Reading 
Sketching and Painting 
Crafts 
Interests 
Project Management 
Interior Designing 
Field Work 
Creative Ventures Heritage Conservation work experience 2016 
Y4D Foundation, ePsyclinic, CropConnect Enterprises 
Content Writer and Social Media Manager 
Writing and editing articles on various topics; producing content for company blogs and social media. 
2015-16 Faculty of Architecture, Manipal University 
Assistant Professor (6 months) 
Taught Architectural Design, AutoCAD, Climatology, Building Construction and other theory and practical subjects. 
2015 Spaces Architects@ka 
Intern (4 months) 
Worked on residential and office design projects as well as interiors. 
Worked on a conservation and renovation project of a Haveli including Victorian furniture design and intricate details of monuments. 
2014 Indian Trust for Rural Heritage and Development (ITRHD) 
Freelancer 
Worked with a team on the conservation project of terracotta temples in Maluti, Jharkhand dealing with the listing and measured drawings; as well as conceptualization of the re-designing of the Maluti village. 
education 
2015 Birla Institute of Technology, Ranchi 
Bachelor of Architecture - CGPA 7.7 2015 Indira Gandhi National Open University 
Bachelor of Public Administration- 70% 2010 Delhi Public School, Bokaro 
AISSCE - 74% 2008 Nazareth Academy, Gaya 
AISSE - 94% achievements 
Semi-finalist in NASA Journalism Trophy 2014. 
Semi-finalist in Berkeley Architectural Essay Writing Competition 2013. 
Excellence awards in writing competitions in school. 
Certificate of excellence and merit in creative art competitions like poster making, rangoli, theme based drawing and sketching. 
Certificate holder of various cultural competitions including dance, elocutions, olympiads and academics. 
extra curriculars 
Certificate of Chitra Bhushan in Fine Arts (painting) from Pracheen Kala Kendra, Chandigarh with distinction in practicals. 
Volunteer of National Service Scheme(NSS) for two years, surveying the villages, teaching the primary and middle school children and participating in various social activities. 
Executive member of Environment Protection and Awareness Club, BIT Mesra. RashmiPriya 
