contact syambrij.maurya@gmail.com +91
8826714342 skills proficient 
Java 7/8 
MySQL MongoDB Spring 
Hibernate comfortable 
Python 
ETL- Talend JavaScript HTML/CSS GIT/SVN languages native HIndi advanced English beginner Sanskrit 
Syambrij Maurya software developer and problem solver Selected projects tract | An Intelligent Billing Plateform for Smart Business https://my.tractbilling.com Subscription or usage based billing/revenue system for business with no manual effort required. 
A complete solution for businesses by providing billing solution, invoicing, revenue management and reporting. 
Integration with Invoicing tools, BI and reporting tools like pentaho. 
Involved in developement of tools, bug fixing, refactoring and maintenance of project. 
Used Java, Spring and Hibernate to develope data migration tool to move business data from one account to other. 
TOOLS | XML generator/formatter tool as custom tools 
A XML generator tool which parse a SALESFORCE error ressponse (a raw text data) and generates a formatted XML with indentation. 
Used K-ary tree to generate, format and indent the XML. Embedded Javascript code editor ACE in the web page. Also developed two other tools- xml to json converter csv to json converter 
COGNITA | A data analytics plateform for schools https://cognita.leantaas.com 
A data 
analytics 
plateform to show the insights of business data. 
Worked on data visualization layer and ETL layer. 
Worked on complex ETL job to load the data in SQL generated in raw form. 
Worked on Spring, complex core Java code and SQL queries. 
SFDC connected app | 
A connected app in Python to refresh access token. 
Developed a connected app in Python to retrieve Access Token from salesforce API. 
Wrote a background scheduler to refresh the access token. 
Used RSA algorithm to encrypt the token information. 
Used Flask for web app and requests module for REST API. 
Experience 
01-07/2015 Algoworks | 
Software Engineer Trainee Noida, U.P 
Writing support tools to help business running without interruption. 
Involved in development, bug fixing, refactoring and maintenance of project. 
Closely following the code standards 
like SOLID principle and software design patterns for project level understanding. 
Attending knowledge sessions actively to get more from different projects. 
07 present Algoworks | 
Assosiate Software Engineer Noida, U.P 
Working on differnt modules of project at Individual level as well with the team. 
Pair-programmed to implement many features in project at various level. 
Intensive research to find 
a simple and clean approach for 
a given problem. 
Peer code reviews and quality check using SONAR code quality check. 
Knowledge trasnfer sessions on different topics 
like- 
Functional programming, Mutability and Design Patterns. 
Awards and certifications MongoDB certified Java Developers(M101J) from MongoDB university.. MongoDB certified DBA(M102) from MongoDB university. 
Finalist of India s biggest coding competetion- 
https://www.techgig.com/codegladiators 
Winner of multiple coding competition on Algorithms. 
Web technologies certificates from codecademy. 
Education 2014 
B.Tech 
Computer Science 
UPTU 61.94% Studied computer science as major 
e.g.- 
Algorithms, Data Structures, Operating 
System, Networking, Cryptography, Mathematics, Machine 
Learning. 
Worked on 
Image encryption as final project. 
One way function based chaotic Image Encryption. 
Personal details 
Full Name 
Syambrij Maurya 
DOB 26th April 1993 Email syambrj.maurya@outlook.com LinkedIn Url 
https://in.linkedin.com/in/syambrij-maurya-b2491873 
