 Business Profession with 11 years of experience as a Business Manager in Channel Sales, Distributor & Direct Customers (SME and NC) 
A Creative and inventive thinker, who craves a challenges and who is not afraid to work outside his comfort zone, Motivated team player who consistently aims to push revenue expectation and exceed goals. Pragmatic and result orientated, with a focus on bottom line results & proven track record of achieving and exceeding the standards of performance set out for any sales projects. 
 11 years of experience as Business Manager in IBM India Pvt Ltd, VODAFONE India Pvt Ltd and Smart InfoTech through Channel Sales, Business partner and Distributor, Service Revenue 
Management, Gross Margin profitability, Account Management and Vendor Management & Negotiation. 
 An experienced business manager with a consistent track record of successfully employing best business practices that improve efficiency, reduce operating costs whilst increasing productivity. Having a professional attitude and an ability to be flexible and handle change in a positive manner. 
 Excellent organizational, interpersonal skills, Identification of Business lead from client. 
 Proven ability to understand needs of client and convert it to business lead. 
 Development of strong relationships with team , other BU s , client and business partners. 
 Communication skills - Capable of clearly explaining and understanding expectations of client. 
 Resolution of business legal issues. 
 Following Business ethics. 
 Can identify key opportunities & efficiencies for greater profitability. 
 Ability to function in a fast-paced environment. 
 Liaising with local authorities and regulatory bodies on business related issues. 
 In depth experience & understanding of the channel sales & Distributors sales. 
 New Business Development  Customer Relations & Service 
 Cold Calling & Prospecting 
 Word-of-Mouth Marketing 
 Lead Generation 
 Sales Presentations 
 Trade Show Marketing 
 Sales & Pricing Strategies 
 Competitive & Market Analysis Total Experience 
11 years Business Manager 9 year Partner Account Manager 1 year Business Head 1 Continue 
P R A N A V 
S H A H Address: C78/936,Shrinath Apartment, Nr-Akhbarnagar Circle, 132Ft Ring road 
New Wadaj. Ahmedabad 380 013 , Gujarat, India. 
Email: shah.pranav26@yahoo.com 
Mobile: +91 9824-84-9824 
Home Phone : +91 9898-89-8119 
Date of Birth: 21st Oct 1984 
Current Location: Ahmedabad, Gujarat, India. 
Language: 
English, Hindi, Gujarati 
A. Company : SMART INFOTECH Profile : Sales 
Designation : 
Business Head Duration : from 2016 to 2017 Appointed as Business Head Gujarat for building and integrating a Business team in Gujarat region, giving sales & functional direction.Develop sales Management for HW and Services across Gujarat through 3 Lines of Businesses viz.IBM Server, Amazon Tie up with SME Clients, Idea Cellular Enterprise & Retails. 
Sales & Marketing: Ensuring the successful accomplishment of set business targets; meeting the ever-increasing competition from organized and unorganized structures. Developing and implementing marketing plans with focus on advertisements and other promotional activities. 
Business Development: Analysing the business potential; conceptualizing & executing strategies to drive business, augmenting turnover and achieving the desired targets. Evaluating and pursuing business opportunities as per targeted plans & achieving market share. 
Channel Management: Identifying the network with financially strong and reliable channel partners, resulting in deeper market penetration and improved market share. Planning and implementing the dealer scheme to achieve the business objectives. 
Key Account Management: Mapping client s requirements & providing best solutions to suit their requirements backed by prompt after-sales services. Generating business from existing accounts and achieving business & profitability growth. Building and maintaining healthy business relations with major corporate & Institutional clients and channel partners. 
New Client s Acquisition: Strong capabilities in acquiring competition and new clients. Ensuring up- sell and cross-sell opportunities with those clients. Continuous work on such clients to ensure that they become the loyal clients. 
Team Management: Acquiring manpower on projected budgets. Providing direction, motivation & training to the field sales team for ensuring optimum performance for all operational & sales related issues. 
B. Company : 
Vodafone India Pvt Ltd Profile 
: Sales 
Designation : Partner Account Manager (Channel Sales) 
Duration : from 2014 to 2015 Partner Account Manager : Responsible for Managing and Generating SME Clients through assigned channel partner or Directly to understand there business requirement and fit our corporate products to help clients for growing there business smoothly with desired target and cost saving. 
To generate business within the assigned territory through Channel Partners and acquire new accounts. 
Responsible for subscriber growth in SME business for the territory allocated. 
Evaluation of customer preferences, pricing, product terms and conditions to ensure that client requirements are met; gather and analyse data regarding competitor pricing and products and ensure that Vodafone products and services fit customer requirements. 
Drive accelerated revenue growth by identifying potential markets for new and existing products and services in accounts. 
Establishing and managing channel partner for all voice as well as non-voice products and ensuring acquisition targets achievement month after month. 
Achieving volume targets and ensuring channel partner profitability. 
Monitoring channel and channel sales force productivity. 
Ensuring channels and their staff adherence to health, safety and wellbeing (HSW) guidelines laid in the channel operation manual Ensuring that collections and remittances by channels and sales executives are made on time. 
Ensuring skill building and training of secondary sales force. 
C. Company : 
IBM India Pvt Ltd Profile 
: Sales 
Designation : 
Business Manager Duration : from 2006 to 2014. 
Business Manager : Responsible to Manage Corporate Client with Channel Partner, Distributer and Direct. 
Know the requirements of IT infrastructure service requirements and provide possible solution. 
To build relationship with IT Managers future deals. 
Strong skills in prospecting, replacing an incumbent, and protecting our client base. 
Deliver business value to both End Users and Partners. 
Strong business relation with all major partner & distributor in Gujarat. 
Having excellent skills of  Applying Credit approval request for various payment terms,  Taking Technical and Delivery assurance from delivery team. 
 Applying Legal approval. 
 Preparing Proposal and cost case for post warranty support , one time activity, shifting of hardware. 
 Achieving GP and revenue target. 
 Negotiation 
 Selling IBM hardware and OS services. 
 Selling customized VMWARE, Microsoft & Redhat support offerings. 
 Registered the signed contract for billing. 
 Closing AR within time limit. 
 Offering finance option to customer. 
 Offering with proper exclusive taxes as per state. 
Generating lead for OEM product and demanding quote from vendor thru internal procurement. 
Negotiation with vendor for getting good quote. 
Major Customer come across : 1. Dishman Pharma 2. Torrent Pharma 3. Kalptaru Power 4. Hindalco (Birla Copper) 5. Dresser Rand 6. Gujarat Fluoro chemical 7. Kalupur Commercial Co-Op Bank 8. Amrapali Group 9. ONGC 
10. Sun Flower Broking 
Major Business Partner come across : 1. Silvertouch Technologies Ltd 2. S kumar Computers 3. Orient Technologies Ltd 4. Microlink Solution Pvt Ltd 5. Aster Networks 6. Datatech Computers Pvt Ltd. 7. ECS BIZTECH Pvt Ltd. 8. Auroma 9. Micro-hard IT Solutions Pvt Ltd. 10. Matrix Networks & Solutions. 
Major Distributor come across : 1. IRIS Computers Ltd 2. Ingram Micro India Ltd 3. Redington India Ltd 4. Sterling Infoways Pvt. Ltd 5. Bitscape Infotech Pvt ltd. 
IBM Certificate of best Sales Manager in year of 2008 IBM Certificate of best Sales Manager in year of 2011 IBM Global Sales School Certified Graduate in 2012. 
VODAFONE Certificate of best PAM of May 2015. 
VODAFONE Certificate of best PAM of July 2015. 
VODAFONE Certificate of best PAM of Q2 (July-Aug-Sept)in 2015. 
VODAFONE Certificate of best PAM of Q3 (Oct-Nov-Dec)in 2015. 
VODAFONE Certificate of best PAM of H1 in 2015. 
VODAFONE Director Mr.Nicholas Gliddon Appreciated in Q2 
Course Name / Subjects Institute 
Passing 
Year %(Agg) / Grade 10th SSC Gujarat State secondary Board 2000 71% 12th Higher Secondary Education 
Gujarat State secondary Board 2002 64% BBA Bachelor of Business Administrative Gujarat University 2005 54% 
Project Completed 
Ability to create plans to achieve specific results 
Take ownership for achieving objectives Motivator, strategist and become mentor for team. 
Know how and when to get into details to solve issues: Situational Leader 
Direct others to achieve objectives Problem solver 
Able to achieve results while strengthening capabilities of the team Ability to see the big picture and communicate its value Ability to build trust and show empathy with team , partner , Disti & customers. 
Demonstrate confidence in outcome of project Process focused Notice period & Joining : Immediate.(Company is suddenly shut down due to unexpected demise of Promoter/ founder). 
Thank You 
Pranav Shah 9824-84-9824 
