PAVITHRA ALLAM 
Email 
: pavithra_tina@yahoo.com Contact : 09052898383 
PROFILE SUMMARY: 
A highly skilled and talented expert at BDand a markerting analyst, with almost four years of demonstrated success in improving the brand image of a Company, accomplished through planning, designing and implementing strategies, initiatives, creative campaigns and events for the purpose of Business Development. 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS: 
Graduation in EEE from St.Peter s Engineering College, 
Hyderabad affiliated to J.N.T.U 
University.(Secured 63%) 
Intermediate From Narayana Junior College.(Secured 81%) S.S.C From Sri Prakash Vidyankethan.(Secured 78%) CORE COMPETENCIES and STRENGTHS: 
Networking Outstanding communication skills. 
Creativity Ability to develop/innovate new techniques. 
Presentation skills Excellent written and oral skills. 
Organizational/Prioritization Ability to balance multiple projects and demands. 
Motivated and Self-starter 
Can motivate subordinates to take voluntary initiative. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
APOORVA GROUP:(July 2015 - Present) as Business Development Manager 
MAIN CONTRIBUTIONS and ACHIEVEMENTS: 
Developing brand identity through various communications. 
NEW BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT: 
Prospect for potential new clients and turn this into increased business. 
Cold call as appropriate within your market or geographic area to ensure a robust pipeline of opportunities. *
Meet potential clients by growing, maintaining, and leveraging your network. 
Identify potential clients, and the decision makers within the client organization. 
Research and build relationships with new clients. 
Set up meetings between client decision makers and company s practice leaders/Principals. 
Plan approaches and pitches. * Work with team to develop proposals that speaks to the client s needs, concerns, and objectives. 
Participate in pricing the solution/service. 
Handle objections by clarifying, emphasizing agreements and working through differences to a positive conclusion. * Use a variety of styles to persuade or negotiate appropriately. 
Present an image that mirrors that of the client. 
CLIENT RETENTION: 
Present new products and services and enhance existing relationships. 
Work with technical staff and other internal colleagues to meet customer needs. 
Arrange and participate in internal and external client debriefs. 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT PLANNING: 
Attend industry functions, such as association events and conferences, and provide feedback and information on market and creative trends. 
Present to and consult with mid and senior level management on business trends with a view to developing new services, products, and distribution channels. 
Identify opportunities for campaigns, services, and distribution channels that will lead to an increase in sales. 
Using knowledge of the market and competitors, identify and develop the company s unique selling propositions and differentiators. 
MANAGEMENT RESEARCH: 
Submit weekly progress reports and ensure data is accurate. 
Ensure that data is accurately entered and managed within the company s CRM or other sales management system. 
Forecast sales targets and ensure they are met by the team. 
Track and record activity on accounts and help to close deals to meet these targets. 
Work with marketing staff to ensure that prerequisites are fulfilled within a timely manner. 
Ensure all team members represent the company in the best light. 
Present business development training and mentoring to business developers and other internal staff. 
Research and develop a thorough understanding of the company s people and capabilities. 
Understand the company s goal and purpose so that will continual to enhance the company s performance. 
GLOBAL LOGIC - CLIENT GOOGLE MAPS:(August 2012 - july 2015) as Marketing Analyst 
MAIN CONTRIBUTIONS and ACHIEVEMENTS: 
Developed brand identity through various marketing strategy. 
KEY CONTRIBUTIONS: 
Analyzed sales activities, marketing campaigns, organizations, customers in detail, with charts, graphs and explanatory texts. 
Developed research projects for specific business issues Integrated market research information into company system to develop new leads. 
Analyzed metrics in order to identify effect-cause relationships between financial outcomes and marketed actions, thus raising profitability. 
AREAS OF IMPACT: 
Analyzed competition to evaluate market penetration. 
Effectively researched areas of the market regarding customer needs and brand perceptions. 
Worked in coordination with Product Management to identify possible opportunities. 
Carried out customer-satisfaction surveys, compiling results into detailed reports. 
Worked in top priority projects in the pilot batch. 
Had achieved a 130 % growth on the given target for the year 2012 
-15,while roping in a majority of new clients. 
SKILLS: 
Extensive experience in research studies, from start to finish. 
Close familiarity with advanced statistical analysis and methods of research. 
Proficient in PowerPoint, Word, Excel and MS Office. 
Quickly develops effective working relationships with senior executives. 
Well versed in working with computers 
PERSONAL 
DETAILS: 
Date of Birth 
: 10th November 1990 Marital Status 
: Unmarried. 
Linguistic Abilities : English, Hindi, Telugu & Tamil. 
Hobbies : Cooking , Music and fashion designing 
Qualities : Attention to Detail, Disciplined and Structured 
Strengths : Critical Thinking, Self-Control, Listening Skills, Teamwork. 
I hereby declare that the information given is correct to my knowledge. 
(PAVITHRA ALLAM) 
