Harini
 
Hariharan 
H-2, Seabrooke Apartments, 4th Seaward Road, Valmiki Nagar,Thiruvanmiyur, Chennai 600041 
Mobile: 91 7667495439 cleojnes@yahoo.com 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE 
Customer satisfaction Interpret customer feedback Call handling Managing Customer 
Data 
Customer service Listening to customers Managing expectations Telephone Etiquette 
Email handling Resolving problems Able to adapt tone, language and style for different customers and situations. 
Creating a good first impression. 
Meeting customer expectations in areas such as timeliness, quality and consistency. 
Building customer relationships and Customer Service Professional 
A motivated, resilient and compellingly persuasive individual who loves nothing more than helping customers resolve their problems or find things that they want. 
Having a professional appearance and a respectful, business-like manner, Harini is a service orientated professional who is very confident when handling enquiries, complaints, and communications. She is a team player, who is able to work to timely demands and effectively manage multiple workloads. Right now she is looking for a suitable position with a company that has a unique spirit and which not only believes in giving people the freedom to do a great job, but will also support them in achieving their future ambitions. 
Polished customer service professional offering: 
Six years of experience providing customer support in busy call center environments 
An unwavering commitment to customer service, with the ability to build productive relationships, resolve complex issues and win customer loyalty. 
Strategic-relationship/partnership-building skills -- listen attentively, solve problems creatively, and use tact and diplomacy to find common ground and achieve win-win outcomes. 
Experience 
Customer Service Officer 4/2004-10/2004, Allsec Technologies Ltd., Velachery, Chennai 
Handle customer inquiries, complaints, billing questions and payment extension/service requests. Calm angry callers, repair trust, locate resources for problem resolution and design best-option solutions. Interface daily with internal partners in accounting, field services, new business, operations and consumer affairs. 
Key Accomplishments: 
Managed a high-volume workload within a deadline-driven environment. 
Resolved an average of 550 inquiries in any given week and consistently met performance benchmarks in all areas (speed, accuracy, volume). 
Became the lead 
go-to person for new reps and particularly challenging calls loyalty. 
Projecting a professional image face-to-face, on the phone and via e-mail. 
Knowledge of phrases and keywords that can generate a customers confidence. 
Able to control a conversation and quickly obtain relevant information. 
Experience of leading teams. 
Relationship building Proactive approach Problem solving and decision making 
A clear and confident telephone manner. 
Ability to communicate effectively with a wide range of customers. 
Proven aptitude for dealing with customer complaints. 
Prospecting for sales leads. 
Able to identify and act upon potential sales opportunities Excellent communicator Good problem solver as one of the company s primary trainers of new and established employees. 
Helped company attain the highest customer service ratings (as determined by external auditors) -- earned 100% marks in all categories including communication skills, listening skills, problem resolution and politeness. 
Officially commended for initiative, enthusiasm, tenacity, persuasiveness, intense customer focus and dependability in performance evaluations. 
Completed voluntary customer service training to learn ways to enhance customer satisfaction and improve productivity. 
Recognized as #1 Customer Service Rep in Fall 2004. Ranking was based on accuracy, customer service, duration of calls and availability. 
PGT French Teacher 6/2005-5/2006, St. Johns 
English School & Junior College, Chennai 
Explain French language instructions to middle school students. Develop and assess instructional strategies focused on Indian academic standards. Teach customized French lessons commensurate to individual students needs. Maintain attendance and student performance records. Create interactive French classroom sessions. 
Tutor complete French curriculum to students. Handle assigned task corresponding to teacher role. 
Key Accomplishments: 
Successfully ensured students met high classroom behavior standards. 
Managed learning processes to meet curriculum standards. 
Supported implementation of district educational philosophy and mission. 
Facilitated a classroom environment planned to optimize learning. 
Part of the Board Team in Tamil Nadu for X Grade Students 
Senior Trainer - Training 6/2006-02/2007, Sutherland Global Services, Velachery, Chennai 
Highly skilled Voice And Accent Trainer possesses extensive knowledge of linguistic patterns and accents. Incorporates speech therapy techniques in assisting students with learning different accents fluently for both acting and telephone work. Has a Master's Degree in Psychology. Trained new hire employees the skills and techniques of speaking English clearly. Trained employees on how to speak to customers over the phone. Prepared communications and grammar module for employees. Conducted continuous education sessions for employees based on Attention to detail Team player feedback and training needs analysis. Recognized Training requirements and prepared resourceful training programs based on client requirements. Conducted refresher workshops and training sessions for employees who were slow to come up the learning curve. Assisted team in customer service training. Carried out regular call monitoring sessions for agents to identify gaps and incorporate them in the trainings. Took part in hiring process and sorted suitable candidates. Collaborated with Quality team members to identify trainings needs for employees. 
Key Accomplishments: 
Extensive knowledge of linguistics speech patterns and acquisition of foreign accents Good knowledge of sound formation and use of breathing Strong understanding of sounds from a variety of languages Excellent understanding of speech therapy techniques for voice and accent training 
Good teaching methodology with a hands-on modeling approach Terrific oral and written communication skills 
Worked well both one on one and in group training sessions 
Helped acting students learn to use different accents in acting roles. 
Carrier Relationship Executive 07/2007-05/2008, Lycatel BOSP Private Limited, Egmore, Chennai 
An experienced Account Management professional who can enhance a company's major account market share and reputation. Extensive knowledge of the arena and a long track record of coming up with end to end solutions that will satisfy all parties. 
Excellent at persuading and influencing key decision makers in a local, national and international environment. On a personal level willing to fully own and be responsible for the sales process with a customer. Responsible for representing the company's brand and maintaining long term relationships with exciting accounts in a competitive market place. Gaining long term service commitments from assigned accounts. Achieving business plan targets whilst maximising profits at the desired margin. Protecting clients and the company from a wide range of internal and external threats. Developing client relationships at a senior and technical level. Prioritizing a highly varied workload. Planning and developing bespoke sales strategies. Acting as the link between the client and the company. Communicating business relevant information and providing structured feedback to senior management. 
Utilizing marketing resources to drive account retention and growth. 
Key Accomplishments: 
Clearly presented and articulated a value proposition. 
Had the ambition needed to progress career right to the top. 
Building strong relationships quickly, both inside and outside of a business. 
Managed updates to key stakeholders in a time critical manner. 
Brought innovative ideas to the table. 
Hold a full, clean driving licence and willing to travel nationally and internationally. 
Developed new business opportunities and acquired new clients. 
Strong account management and relationship building skills. 
Team Leader - Training 06/2008-01/2010, SOS Services Bureau, P.O.Box 46445, Abu Dhabi, U.A.E 
An experienced business development professional built market position by locating, developing, defining, negotiating, and closing business relationships. Identifies trendsetter ideas by researching industry and related events, publications, and announcements; tracking individual contributors and their accomplishments. Locates or proposes potential business deals by contacting potential partners; discovering and exploring opportunities. Screens potential business deals by analyzing market strategies, deal requirements, potential, and financials; evaluating options; resolving internal priorities. Develops negotiating strategies and positions by studying integration of new venture with company strategies and operations; examining risks and potentials; estimating partners' needs and goals. Skilled in conducting competitor analysis to study market trends / competitor moves thus achieve the market share Amplified customer base by 70% by maintaining effective relationships, customer service and technological updates Experienced in enhancing market penetration, business volumes and growth by direct selling & project selling activities Track record of consistently achieving sales targets at branches by identifying high-yielding services & products Resourceful at maintaining relationships with clients to achieve quality product and service norms by resolving their service related critical issues Possess effective communication, interpersonal, problem solving and negotiation skills with the ability to coordinate with Clients across the globe. 
Key Accomplishments: 
Handling planning, operations & analysis for assessment of revenue potential in business Formulating strategies & reaching out to the unexplored market segments/customer groups for business expansion by developing grass root business network Managing sales and marketing operations for training services, ensuring accomplishment of set business targets, meeting the ever-increasing competition from organized and unorganized structures Identifying & developing potential customers for achieving business volumes consistently and profitably Mapping client s needs & providing best services to suit their requirements Generating business from existing accounts and achieving profitability & sales growth Building healthy business relations with major clients & ensuring maximum customer satisfaction 
Providing training to the field sales team for ensuring optimum performance for all operational sales related issues Documentation Executive 04/2012-07/2013, Nagadi Consultants Private Limited, Thiruvanmiyur, Chennai 
Over 1 year s data entry and administrative experience review and check applications and supporting documents - code and process applications into required electronic format - scan documents into database - audit on-line applications for accuracy and completeness - load information onto prescribed databases - maintain complete activity logs and prepare reports respond to requests for information and statistics - retrieve and present required information in various formats - manage application changes communicate with clients telephonically and in person provide guidance and information on clients requirements 
Key Accomplishments: 
Excellent Organizational and Planning skills 
Organized and Structured Data collection and management Attention to detail Impeccable Problem-solving Skills 
Reliability 
Senior Practice Lead - Recruitment 
10/2014-12/2014, GSS HR Solutions Private Limited, Navi Mumbai, Mumbai 
Highly motivated post graduate with extensive training in business management, human resource management, talent management, and proven background in providing human resources support to organizations in diverse industries. Skilled in developing and executing recruitment strategies, qualifying candidates, and overseeing new hire orientation process. Seeking to take next career step in talent management with a growing organization that rewards hard work, results, and leadership skills. Worked with local employers to understand their recruitment needs, develop recruitment strategies to achieve required staffing, evaluate the talent pool and refer qualified job seekers for employment. Provided additional services to include; candidate assessment testing and recruitment project/facility management. 
Developed and implemented recruiting strategies to meet high volume staffing goals and requirements. Responsible for researching and sourcing exceptional talent in order to refer to client in corporate business. Utilized a wide array of company resources in order to recruit and consult candidates. 
Key Accomplishments: 
Evaluated talent and presented candidates to internal consultants with significant details as to why they fit a specific need 
Negotiated and extended offers with a proven track record of closing talent in a highly competitive marketplace Fostered solid relationships internally and externally to identify strategic hiring opportunities Recruitment Consultant 08/2015-10/2015, Symmetrical Global Search Private Limited, Dwarka, Delhi 
Manage entire interview process including posting, sourcing, screening, interviewing and final selection. Maintain existing relationships, developed new clients, negotiated contracts, and closed offers. Develop candidate and client base through cold calling, referrals, and recruiting. Develop and cultivate strong relationships with various levels of management, candidates, and external recruiting sources. 
Key Accomplishments: 
Good knowledge of interviewing techniques and phone screening Ability to draft effective job advertisements Excellent communication and presentation skills Good marketing and interpersonal skills Proficient in numeric with good team working skills Good knowledge of computer applications like MS Word, Desktop 
Publishing, Excel, PowerPoint and the Internet 
Goal oriented and ability to cope under pressure Education 
Madras University 2004 - 2006 M.Sc Psychology 
Patrician College Of Arts & Science 2001 - 2004 B Com 
St. Michaels 
Academy 1999 -2001 
A levels: Commerce (A) Commerce (B) Business Mathematics (C) Economics (D) Accounting 
Skills 
Skill Name Skill Level Experience 
Customer Service Expert 4.5 years Call Center 
Service Operations 
Expert 3 years Dispute Resolution Expert 6 years 
Sales Lead Generation Expert 2 years Data Entry Expert 1 year Training 
Recruitment 
Client Relations 
Expert 
Intermediate 
Intermediate 9 Months 6 Months 2.5 Years 
MS Word, Excel and Access Expert 5 years Computer Skills 
Proficient in Windows or Mac OS, Microsoft Office Suite and Internet Architecture 
REFERENCES 
Available on request 
