Manish Khilwani 
Assistant Reservation Manager 
Delhi, Delhi manish_khilwani@yahoo.com - 9958517136 
To obtain a challenging and responsible position in a professionally managed organization, where in, I can contribute to the successful growth of the organization utilizing my skill and hard work and also further improve my professional skills. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Assistant Manager 
EMAAR Group - Dubai - August 2012 to Present 
Worked with "Jaypee Green Golf and Resort "as a Front office assistant. 
Joining Date 1 July 2010 End Date 27 May 2011. 
Job Profile: 
Management of the front desk 
In charge of all front desk operations 
Attending incoming and outgoing calls 
Transferring of calls to various departments 
Responsible for payments of bills Handle all of the company's petty cash 
In charge of utilities and maintenance of furniture 
Responsible for booking of services for the company 
In charge of faxing documents to various locations on a timely manner. 
Worked with Dubai international hotel As Receptionist cum reservation agent. 
Job Profile: 
Management of the front desk 
In charge of all front desk operations 
Attending incoming and outgoing calls 
Transferring of calls to various departments 
Responsible for payments of bills Handle all of the company's petty cash 
Currently Working in DUBAI with EMAAR GROUPS (L.L.C) As a reservation advisor ( In central Reservations) For THE ADDRESS HOTEL AND RESORT. 
Job Profile: 
The main duty is to give answers to enquiries by clients. 
Responsibility to advise the clients accordingly regarding bookings and reservations. 
Duty to assist customers in obtaining booking or operating self service equipment. 
To ensure that they secure whatever services they are in need of. 
Responsibility to make sure that clients have access to various services without a hitch. 
To get the information about areas of interest in order to target more clients in particular seasons. 
It is needed to make arrangements for clients' travel programs. 
To help the clients to fill in reservation forms. 
EDUCATION 
B.Sc in hotel management 
AMITY UNIVERSITY 
2007 to 2010 SKILLS 
Operations Management, (6 years), Team Management (6 years) ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Computer Skills 
PMS ( Property Management system ), Ms-Dos, Ms-Windows, Ms-Word, Internet application Strength 
Honesty, Dedicated to my Profession 
Quick Adaptation in the surrounding environment. 
