 S ONA 
M KHURAN 
A BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT, MERCHANDISING, CATEGORY MANAGEMENT, BRAND AND CLIENT RELATIONSHIP 
OVER 5 YEARS OF EXPERIENCE 
Contact No. 8750590907 | Email khuranasonam 
3@gm 
ail.com 
Career Objective 
To work in a challenging and motivating environment whereby I can contribute my best to enhance the company s growth. I am seeking for challenging opportunities in an organization, which will provide me the exposure to the cutting-edge . 
Prof ile Snapshot K e y 
A ccount Manage 
m 
en 
t :. Exposure of managing client relationship and assisting in formulating plans and policies for effective purchasing and market analysis/ intelligence based on market specifications . 
Category Management :- Being a Category owner , have ability to analyse and accurate conclusions to support category decisions based on key data , also expertise in preparing the MIS Reports . 
Me r 
cha n 
d 
i s 
i n 
g : 
I had been aggressively working upon improvising merchandising standards of website through category revamping and visibility of products online to increase footfall as well as enhance user engagement. 
Advert 
i s 
i ng and 
P 
r 
o 
m 
ot i onal C 
a m p a 
i gn 
s 
: I have been indulged into planning and executing various campaigns online with a successful record that had been generating massive revenue for company. 
E xperi 
ence Summ 
ary Opportunist and diligent leader with rich experience in charting out sales and business development strategies and advising on products with key focus on enhancing business volumes and growth as well as achieving revenue and top line profitability . 
Responsible for buying for the category, Negotiate with the suppliers on product pricing, payment terms, provision of training, and the extent of their involvement in advertising and promotions, to decide on placing a purchase order with the supplier for the concerned product. 
Remains on the cutting-edge with excellence in managing the Pricing Strategy wherein Pre 
Sales and Post Sales P&L Statements are prepared & tracked. 
Ingenious strategist experienced in charting out marketing and brand development strategies and advising on products with key focus on enhancing business volumes as well as achieving revenue and top-line profitability . 
Expertise in preparing the MIS Report for the category which includes Profit & Loss 
Statement , Category Performance Report tracking GMPU / NMPU / NM Contribution . 
Areas Of Expertise: Business Development ,MIS Reports , Merchandising ,Planning & Execution of Campaigns for the category , Strategic Planning, New Market Development, Consumer Behavior Analysis, Revenue Generation, Competitor and Market Analysis, Key 
Account Management, Process Identification, Process Improvement, Gap Analysis, Coordination and Lead Generation, Team Management, Budgetary Planning, 
Prof essional Sy nopsis Company 
Snapdeal.com Designation Assistant Manager (Books) 
(13th July 2015 to till date) Active and valuable contributor of a team to develop and Re launch the entire category which includes Vendor Management / Merchandising/ Process Improvement / Co- Branding (Events & New Launches) and further worked on budgeting and marketing strategies. 
Distinguished efforts in building up 
the new processes 
i.e 
Meta 
Data Management / Pricing Strategy / Campaign Management . 
Involved in Strategy Initiative, applying certain new logics which keeps on boosting the sales number of the category, tracking the daily sales and implementing the Strategies based on Customer behavior . 
Shortlisting the Core Vendors to work with based on their Pricing, Services, After Sales issues addressing rate . 
Assist in Stock Control and conduct the price checks. Maintain the highest level of accuracy when checking and counting goods. 
Managing website promotions, deciding what to promote when , themes of the promotion along with the list of products need to be finalized . 
Involved in Author promotion & cracking other major exclusive deal from the vendors and publishers. 
Holds merit of conducting various Author Meet and Grid , co-branding at Book Launches (President 
Pranav Mukerjee event results into major success which was covered by the media at large scale ,which in turn led to conversion of multiple leads and getting business Company Infibeam.com Designation Assistant Manager 
(26th August 2013- to July 2015) 
P 
r 
o 
f il e : 
Heading Media Merchandising Team . 
Monitoring the product life cycle of every product in the category & takes early calls for opportunity maximization. 
Responsible for business growth, through setting up & managing new & existing business operations which requires deep understanding of critical business drivers in multiple markets. 
Responsible for all Media Promotions(Social media / E-mailer /Affiliates ) 
Working on major reports i.e delivering Monthly/ Quartely / Yearly reports which included Category PNL / Pre performance PNL / Post Performance campaign report. 
Heading all sub categories Books /Music/ Movies / Magazines. 
To work closely with different departments to ensure the availability of correct data and concerned reports to be generated for Business Analysis. 
In direct contact with Authors and Publisher for promotions. 
Promotions Planning-this includes theme based/seasonal/Festive promotions. 
Responsible for all contest (Facebook & Twitter) / Online PR/ Affiliates. 
A close tab on SEO Team / and FB Promotions . 
Company 
Flipkart India Pvt Ltd 
Designation Merchandising Executive 
(12th 
Dec 2011 20 th August 2013) 
Profile: 
Planning Subject specific promotional activities-this includes theme based/seasonal/Festive promotions. 
Developing & implementing strategies for a process oriented approach which involves coordination with the different operational teams for smooth flow of information, accountability for the authenticity of the information forwarded to the CMS team, Initiating the Competitors Analysis for strategic planning by the top management etc. 
Ensure the complete, full ranges of stocks are on display at all times. Ensure the merchandise is displayed in an attractive and enticing manner to customers. 
Assist in stock control and conduct the price checks. Maintain the highest level of accuracy when checking and counting goods. 
Negotiating with vendors to get the products sourced at lowest prices thereby increasing and maintaining more profitability for the brand. 
Coordinating with Vendors to ensure to get their cover images/stock reports in time and ensuring correct uploading of new images and stock reports. 
Analyzing business and taking precautionary/additional measures to correct/promote it. Preparing the Negative margins report to analyze the key loss areas. Resolving RMA issues and thus minimizing the company's loss Have contributed to make some special implementation to the category. 
Planning, Deciding and Introducing new campaigns , Projects Literature and Fiction , 
Boo 
k s 
@ 99 , Summer Carnival etc 
C 
r 
ed 
i ts: 
Received certificate of appreciation from the Infibeam.com for the best employee of the media team. 
Qual if ication:- 
BBA from GGDSD College, Panjab University in the year 2011 with 70 %. 
12th from CBSE Board in the year 2008 with 80%. 
10th from CBSE Board in the year 2006 with 60%. 
P e rsonal 
Deta 
il 
s Date of Birth: 7th April 1990 
Language: English, Hindi, Punjabi 
Hobbies: 
Listening to music, dancing and surfing on net. 
Place: 
Delhi 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
(SONAM KHURANA) 
