 SWAPNA GOPINATHAN https://in.linkedin.com/in/swapnagopinathan 
Cell: +91 9820960091 - swapnagopinathan@yahoo.in 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
Human Resource Professional with Hands-on understanding of nuances of Telecom, Commercial, ITES and Life Sciences environment .Led & stabilized HR interventions in established workplaces & start-up environments. 
SKILLS 
Talent acquisition and Retention Talent Management 
Manager Coaching and counseling Employee Communication 
Policy Formulation & Deployment Change Management Design and Implementation 
WORK HISTORY 12/2015 to Current Country Manager Human Resources 
Beckman Coulter Life Sciences , a Danaher Group Company Mumbai 
HR business partnering with Leaders in Commercial, R&D and Manufacturing teams working in a highly matrix-ed organization . 
Developed communication platforms better align the local organization actions with global strategies, carry out process improvements to remove waste in effort, work with shared services to implement process improvements on onboarding and developing associates. 
Change management supported in Go-to-Market structure change in the sales team to ensure the continued Growth for the business . Manage the internal movements to place key business leaders for continued growth. 
07/2012 to 11/2015 Country Manager Human Resources 
Leica Microsystems, a Danaher Group Company Mumbai 
Responsible for HR business partnering for 2 operating companies Leica Microsystems & Leica Biosystems India Commercial Teams . 
Set up HR policies, procedures, and key metrics for a newly acquired organization. Partnered with Business heads to implement a high performing culture and implementing the performance management system. 
Hand holding the Leaders in restructuring the team and created communication platforms for supporting in team concerns . 
Lead the Talent acquisition process for the team and closed on boarding of critical roles. 
Responsible for Leadership hires and their immersion into the organization. 
The existing policies were reviewed and relevant new policies and plans on salary structuring, incentives, retention plans with a focus on a high growth market implemented. 
Partnered with the Key leadership team to build the Talent funnel and processes to support Hi Potential associate retention and growth. 
Lead a Global initiative for getting a new Vendor for Employee Satisfaction survey for Leica. 
Responsible for driving implementation, reporting and process implementation of the new survey partner across the Group. 11/2010 to 04/2012 
Site HR Leader 
Capgemini Business Services India Ltd 
Gurgaon 
Developed Organization wide employee strategy and implemented it to integrate a new business/ site set up with employees amalgamated from diverse backgrounds . 
Replicated the HR process in the new site and managed the project plan from employee perspective for a rapidly growing team. 
Drive Employee Engagement initiatives to build a vibrant culture. Implemented skip level meetings plans and communication strategy that will enable employees to share their views and concerns. Focus was to integrate multi location based employees into the company culture. 
Initiated and Implemented compliance focus and Adapted polices for the new site in line with Capgemini framework. 
Stakeholder Management with emphasis around ensuring smooth transition from project to operations phase. Part of the management team supporting client interactions. Conducted sessions to Coach Team Managers on processes to attract, retain and motivate talent .Partner with Business heads to implement a high performing culture and implement performance management system. 10/2008 to 10/2010 Sr Manager Human Resources 
Genpact Ltd 
Jaipur 
Employee Relations lead for a start up business with an expected employee base of 800+. 
Design the start up and the final Organization Structure based on the client and business requirements. 
Responsible for the maintenance of the employee costs. 
Formulation of new compensation structure for unique roles. 
Customization of the HR policies to encompass the Genpact values and new business requirements and Integration of new employees into the company culture. 
10/2005 to 10/2008 Joined as Manager HR supporting Business partnering for Two processes with a span of 400+ employees. Promoted as Sr Manager HR in Dec 2007 and handled the HR Lead role for 500+ span business with a team of 2 members reporting. 
Implementation of HR best practices basis the employee need and future growth plan. 
Responsible for Employee Engagement and deliverables include driving various communication platforms, Employee skips, Family day, education at work, Town Halls, Rewards & Recognition etc aimed at creating an environment of openness, learning and opportunity. 
Compliance of HR policies across the Processes and Maintenance of Internal SLA. The processes include managing the Annual Performance Management Cycle, Exit Management. 
Training of new Managers on the policy and team handling skills. 
Controllership of compensation for the employees to ensure the same remains within the budgeted amount. 
Employee Retention through pro- active identification of concerns and its mitigation, spreading awareness about various growth options. 
Managed the Financial crisis transition in 2008 with active redeployment of employees and managing bench. 
11/2002 to 10/2005 
Assistant Manager 
Tata Teleservices Ltd Ahmedabad 
Responsible for the complete recruitment process of Tata Teleservices upto Manager Level for all Functions for a newly set up Circle. 
Maintenance of Internal SLA for the recruitment processes which included sourcing, tie-up & co-ordination with agencies ,interviewing, and final offers. 
HR processes of the Outsourced Employees with a strength of 150+. 
The processes included Agency management, formulation of compensation structure for various roles ,PMS, , per Employee Cost Reduction, and Retention. 
07/2004 to 10/2005 Responsible for the Training and Employee Development Programs for the Gujarat Circle, Profile includes the identification, Content development ,implementation and review of the Training needs. 
Part of a cross-functional team responsible for the deployment and Training of the Process 
Quality Initiative. 
07/2000 to 10/2002 Sr Executive HR 
Haldia Petrochemicals Ltd 
Kolkata 
Managed the complete cycle of the Performance Appraisals of Management and Non 
Management Staff, succeeded in making the whole process time bound. 
Part of the team working in development of the new PMS system which involved the identification of Roles and KRAs. 
Initiated the formulation and development of new Policies and Procedures taking in to consideration the employee concerns and the organizational impact. 
EDUCATION 
2000 1998 
C 
Process improvement Project to implement of Variable pay structure to match with the industry standards. 
Part of " Change Agents group " involved in OD Initiatives. Conducted workshops and interactions between all the departments of the company towards building a more open work culture and better working through the finalization of Service Level Agreements between the Departments and the Job Roles of the unique positions. 
Involved in post "go-live" of SAP. Worked in developing of functional specs for specific reports with ABAP Programmers, uploading of data, training of end users and the day-to-day maintenance of few sub modules. 
MBA: Human Resources 
Symbiosis Center for Management & HRD - Pune 
Bachelor of Science: Biology 
Christ Church College - Kanpur 
Internal Assessors Certification Program for Tata Business Excellence Model. 
Internal Trainer for Leadership Essentials for People Managers 
6- Sigma Certification program. ERTIFICATIONS 
