Page 1 of 2 Joe Godwin Overview 
Performance driven professional with over 15 years experience in business development & marketing. 
Successfully launched and established new brands, streamlined business operations and developed market potential, taking on complete P&L responsibility and directing all facets of the business. 
Currently positioned as Sales & Marketing Head with Aswani Properties Pvt. Ltd. spearheading operations Proficient in developing strategies and systems for business development and implementation while successfully driving higher margins, ROI and profitability. 
Created strategies for clients, led sales teams and diverse workforce and directed operations that maximized company growth and profitability by effectively cultivating high-margin opportunities 
Professional experience 
Aswani Properties Pvt Ltd. 
March 2016 till date 
A real estate company catering to the affordable segment Sales & Marketing Head 
Reporting to Board of Directors 
Handling sale of residential flats in the affordable segment of 26 to 40 lakhs in Electronics City Phase 2 Bangalore (420 units) and Sarjapur Bangalore (350 units) Currently handling the launch of 2 new projects of 700 and 400 units in Bangalore 
Key Implementations 
Conceptualized and developed a new business plan 
Reorganized operations and defined functions of each department for efficiency Managed sales team and channel partners Revamped planning, budgeting and cost control 
Implemented cost effective digital marketing campaign Set up a telemarketing team for conversion of leads 
JWW (Journey World Wide), Bangalore Feb 2014 to Mar 2015 Among the top event management companies in India, with core strength in organizing MICE for top corporates National Head Sales & Marketing Based at HQ Bangalore, managing 4 Branch Heads & their teams, PAN India; reporting to Director and CEO 
Key Deliverables 
Business development and operations management 
Developing new clients and managing existing ones 
Arranging events PAN India and at locations in Spain, Italy, Germany, Holland, Turkey, UAE, S. Africa 
Vendor identification/ management pan India. 
Developing / implementing annual business plan Major new clients acquired: 3M, Redington, Abbott, Glenmark, Timken, HP, Canon, Reckitt Benckiser, USL 
(United Spirits Limited), SAB Miller, General Motors, Samsung. 
Achievements at JWW 
Executed over 150 new events Achieved a billing of 93 crore in 2014-15, 125% of the set target. Increased client base by 60%. 
Ensured 100% payment recoveries from clients Set up sales offices in Chennai, Mumbai & Delhi 
Introduced a dress code for the sales team and a presentation of company/ services on I-Pads. 
Implemented mobile friendly software 
Sales Force for effective all India monitoring of sales teams. 
Introduced rewards program for clients Established a global vendor management system Introduced credit from vendors, saving costs by 60%. 
Inked PAN India contracts with vendors saving transportation costs. 
E-mail: inboxofjoe@gmail.com 
Mobile: (+91) 9686774201. 
Achievements at Aswani 
Took over the operations of a loss making company and turned it profitable. Increased sale of 20 units to 90 units in 8 months, without any bad debts. Achieved a growth rate of 160% Replaced agents with a sales team of 8 who brought in 10 crore INR revenue per quarter. 
Implemented 4 Square Feet software application with 
GPS for the sales team 
Formed a society with a group of government employees for business development getting in a revenue 4.7 crore INR Appointed 2 channel partners who contributed 3.36 crore INR 
Reduced advertising spend from 3 crore to 30 lakhs for digital and direct promotion which resulted in over 1000 leads per day and around 12 site visits per day 
Page 2 of 2 Mahindra Holidays & Resorts India Ltd. May 2001 to Aug 2005 AND Oct 2009 to Jan 2014 Mahindra Holidays & resorts India Ltd is India s largest holiday resort ownership company. 
Joined at Chennai as Direct Sales Manager in 2001 Rejoined as Sales Manager at Bangalore in 2009 Sales Manager 
Handling a team of 5 direct managers, 15 sales associates and 8 telesales executives 
Based at Bangalore; reporting to Branch Manager 
Key Deliverables 
Sale of membership packages for resorts Recruiting, hiring and training sales professionals and consultants. 
Strategic sales planning, forecasting, setting targets. 
Ensuring all targets are met by the team. 
Effective customer management. 
Al-Futtaim Trading Enterprises, Dubai, UAE 
August 2005 to August 2009 Part of Alfuttaim group handling sales of leading brands of cars. 
Asst. Sales Manager Based at Dubai. 
Based at the Honda Showroom in Dubai Festival City 
Handling sales of Honda cars - Jazz, Civic, CRV, Accord, MRV, S.2000 sports cars 
Reporting to Branch Manager 
Managing a team of 15 Sales Associates & 8 Guest Relations 
Associates of different nationalities 
Key Deliverables 
Managing customers at showroom, developing sales. 
Providing new-recruits training and leadership. 
Ensuring implementation of all SOPs for customer interaction Organizing finance from the banks, documentation management for customers 
Coordinating with insurance companies / PDI department Overseeing registration and delivery of vehicles. 
Education 
MBA (Sales & Marketing) Bajaj Institute of Management studies, Mumbai, 2001. BBA (Business Administration) Bajaj Institute of Management studies, Mumbai, 1998 Date of Birth 11/10/1976 
Achievements at Mahindra 
Achieved targeted sales month on month. 
Increased average billing from 3 to 6 crore, and my team got recognition for being the best in South zone. 
Increased dealers from 2 to 8 resulting in increased revenue. 
Successfully organized events in residential areas and malls, to generate enquiries and increase sales. 
Consistently received awards for best sales team and best sales associate every quarter. 
Achievements at Al-Futtaim 
Successfully achieved individual sales of 25- 35 cars per month Team achieved a sale of over 250 cars per month. 
Developed fleet sales with car rental services for 150- 
200 cars, bulk sales Increased sales by 125% over the set target Attrition rate was zero 
no one left during my tenure. 
Ensured strict adherence to Honda sales & service standards and high Customer Satisfaction Index (CSI) Was selected by company to undergo special training conducted by Honda Japan on luxury car Honda 
Legend. Sold this limited edition model in UAE within 3 months, generating revenue of over 3.25 million Dirham 
