Professional Summary of DIVEY YADAV 
Objective 
To be an active contributor in the Marketing Department of the organization I work for. I want to bring energy, openness, collaboration, creativity and innovation to my organization and make a positive contribution to the world. 
Summary 
Courses 
Marketing 
Marketing Management 
Consumer Behaviour 
Customer Relationship Management 
Pricing Strategy 
Sales and Distribution Management 
Services Marketing 
Sales Promotion & Event Management 
Media Communications 
Media Planning & Buying 
Social Media & E Marketing 
Corporate Communications 
Specialties 
Building relationships with internal and external stake holders to deliver results. 
Independent, self-starter and resourceful; can single handedly manage and deliver results in dynamic environment. 
Marketing Management, Business development, Marketing Budgeting and achieving targets in time bound manner. 
Core Competencies: 
Manager- Marketing 
India STEM Foundation 
Assistant Manager- Marketing 
India STEM Foundation 
Dec 2016 - Present 
May 2015 Dec 2016 Marketing Associate 
Wolters Kluwer India 
April 2014 May 2015 
Marketing Communications 
Digital Marketing TTL Activities Vendor Management 
Event Management 
Database Management 
Name DIVEY YADAV 
Address 876 - B, Saraswati Vi har, MG 
Road, Gurgaon, 122002 
Mobile +91 9311210040 
Email divey.yadav@hotmail.com 
DOB July 19 th , 19 89 
Gender Male 
Marital Status Single 
F ather s Name Dr . S . S Yadav 
Nationality Indian 
Languages English & Hindi 
Known 
Highest MBA (Marketing & Media 
Communications) Educational Qualification 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
Assistant Marketing Manager May 2015 - Present 
India STEM Foundation. 
Responsibility for planning and budgetary control of all digital marketing. 
Running Google ads, Social Media Ads, Generating Analysis Report. 
Responsible for Running AdWords Campaign. 
Implementing digital marketing strategies to increase company visibility. 
Social media marketing of content and reports developed by the company, through its online channels. 
Content development for the company's web properties. 
Striking event partnerships for participation to maintain company s brand awareness and increasing opportunities for networking. 
Monitoring website traffic and trends using Google Analytics and recommending appropriate action. 
Maintaining media relationship Coordinating with and guiding vendors like designers & coders with regard to marketing activities. 
Understand the business goals/objective/brief of any given project and identify apt online channels of marketing to achieve these goals and objectives. 
Email campaigns, SMS campaigns, lead generation & web branding campaigns. 
Responsible for handling all the visual merchandising activities like partner office branding, signage s fabrication & installation, printing of leaflets, brochure, danglers etc. 
Responsible of handling ATL, BTL & TTL activities which includes media planning, buying, vendor management & execution of campaign. 
Making 360-degree marketing activity plans for the company. 
Conceptualization, planning and execution of various on ground activities ranging from outdoor activities, events. 
Brand Building of International Programs World Robot Olympiad & FIRST. 
Responsible for lead generating activities through offline & online mediums. 
Responsible for negotiation with different offline & online media avenues and vendors and evaluating options for most efficient execution. 
Determine and manage the marketing budget, ensuring that all activities are delivered within defined budgets. 
Managing internal communication to the teams through regular newsletters. 
Marketing Associate April 2014 May 2015 Wolters Kluwer India Pvt Ltd. 
Conceptualizing and implementing marketing strategy to increase the brand visibility & Sales. 
Engaging student through social media campaigns. 
Promotional Planning and On-Ground activations at medical campuses pan-India. 
Conducting market research and gathering feedback for product development team. 
Organizing events to promote company s products. 
Working with designers for collaterals (Brochures, EDM s, Leaflets, PR Content, Advertisements, etc.) for books, online products and other services to aid promotion through retail channel, advertisements, etc. 
Responsible for making promotional plans to maximize profit & budgeting with ROI. 
Managing entire Through the Line marketing activities and events. 
Designing strategies for E-mail marketing. 
Representing the organization and the product in the form of branding activity at various events, and conferences at the national level. 
QUALIFICATIONS 
2014 MBA (Marketing & Media 
Communication) 
Jaypee Business School, Noida (7.4 out of 10) 
2011 B. Pharmacy 
P.D.M College of Pharmacy, Maharshi Dayanand University (57.69%) 2008 Intermediate, CBSE (77%) 
2006 Matriculation, CBSE (82%) SKILLS 
Digital Marketing MS Office. 
