Certificate of Achievement Google Analytics Certification 
Certificate of Achievement Data Science Orientation by Microsoft 
Certificate of Completion Macros & VBA Excel 
Certificate of Completion Big Data Hadoop 
Singapore PR CHAI WIN JEAN 
Profile 
I believe in delivering value, be it to our society, company, or customers. My experiences in entities ranging from big organisations to start-ups cover customer acquisition, retention and growth, as well as relationship management. Through a proactive attitude, I have successfully built lasting partnerships between the organisations and customers. With a deep sense of responsibility and urgency, I am effective working both independently and as a team player. Being a keen-learner with an open mindset, I look forward to contribute positively and effectively. 
(+65) 9751 0660 
cwinjean@gmail.com 
Education 
National University of Singapore 
Bachelor of Business Administration with Merit (Finance Specialisation) 
Taylors College, Malaysia 
Pre-U: South Australian Matriculation with TER of 97.25% (top 2.75%) Experience 
Customer Operations Manager Founding Team (Oct 2014 - Present) Excierge Pte Ltd & OpenBuzz Pte Ltd 
Focus: Customer Relationship Management 
Joined the founding team to pioneer end-to-end customer solutions in a start-up environment. 
Core member of sales team in onboarding customers, responsible for timely service delivery catering to customers requirements. Initiate improvements in service level through data analytics. Identify and realise revenue opportunities through customer retention and relationship management. 
Key Account Manager (Aug 2012 - Sep 2014) 
Grid Communications Pte Ltd (JV between Singtel and ST Telemedia) 
Focus: Customer Retention & Growth 100% of customers contracts renewed, 300 Purchase Orders (POs) collected annually. Led and submitted RFQ to ensure competitive proposals. Actively coordinated between C-level executives and end-users to optimise solutions. Built strong relationships with customers from government and private sectors, with the objectives of retaining key customers in the long-term and identifying new business opportunities. 
Business Relationship Manager (Oct 2010 - Jul 2012) Standard Chartered Bank 
Focus: Customer Acquisition 50 new SME customers acquired annually, 110% of sales target achieved consistently. Proactively identified new lead generation opportunities to qualify potential customers. Cross-functional collaboration with bank product specialists to customise facilities based on customers needs, converting prospects into bank customers. 
Languages English | 
(Mandarin) | Bahasa Melayu (Malay) 
| 
(Cantonese) Certification 
