Somil Bansal +91-7417635615 | somil.bansal.1994@gmail.com 
Linkedin: https://in.linkedin.com/in/somil-bansal-71a580b2 Objective 
To work in global competitive environment on challenging assignments where I can utilize my software programming knowledge, and team-planning abilities for the benefit of company. 
Education Qualification 
B. Tech (Computer Science Engineering) batch of 2013-2017 with aggregate 75% till 6th semester from ABES Engineering College, Ghaziabad. 
12th with aggregate 78.60% from Saraswati Bal Mandir Sr. Sec. School(C.B.S.E.) in 2012. 
10th with aggregate 79.80% from Saraswati Bal Mandir Sr. Sec. School(C.B.S.E.) in 2010. 
Technical Skills 
Programming Language : C, C++, Core Java, Python, R programming 
IDE 
: Eclipse, Visual Studio, CodeBlocks, Turbo C++ 
Technology : Big Data Analysis through Hadoop, Map Reduce, Pig, Hive, HBase, sqoop, Spark, Storm, kafka, flume, MarkLogic Fundamentals 
Image Processing(OpenCV), Tesseract-OCR and Embedded Systems. 
Database Management : mysql 
Hardware 
: Arduino Uno Operating systems 
: Windows, Linux 
Professional Skills 
Team worker and Strong analytical skills. 
Quick learner. 
Great time management skill. 
Adaptability to any Working Environment. 
Experience- Intern at Center of Excellence - Big Data Analytics Using Hadoop 
Project Name : Amazon Sales data Analysis 
Duration : 6 weeks 
Team Size 
: Two 
Description : 
Applied Big Data analytics on the data obtained from Amazon online shopping site and fetch the sales relevant information that might be useful to enhance the site usability and customers support. .The data analysis activities consisted of- i. 
Creation of Data schema suitable as per Big data framework. 
ii. Design and implementation of queries for sales relevant factors. 
iii. Application of Apache Pig and Map Reduce(in Python) framework for finding solutions. 
Learning : Data cleaning and analysis through Hadoop And Pig. 
Projects 1. Project Name : S.H.E.L.D.O.N 
Duration : 1 Month 
Team Size 
: Three 
Description 
: Developed a robot capable of detecting character using overhead camera and generating a logical arithmetic expression. The output of this expression is the maximum or minimum among all the outputs generated by all possible expression and traverse a path in fastest possible time. 
Learning 
: Knowledge about Tesseract(for Optical Character Recognition), Arduino, OpenCV 2. Project Name : Drishti(Machine Vision) 
Duration : 15 Days 
Team Size 
: Three 
Description 
: Built a robot capable of Detecting Squares,Circles, Triangle using overhead camera, which can take a decision to traverse a path from source to destination in shortest possible time. 
Learning : Knowledge about Arduino, OpenCV(for image processing). 
3. 
Project Name : Maze Solving 
Duration : 15 days 
Team Size 
: Three 
Description 
: Built a mini robot that can solve a maze in fastest possible time using IR Array. 
Learning : Learned about IR Array and Arduino. 
4. Project Name : 
VAHAN(On going) 
Team Size 
: Two 
Description 
: Implemented a system that can extract the license plate number of a vehicle from an image with a given set of constraints and combine this extracted information with the large amount of Insurance database using Big Data analytics. Analysing the data to catch the defaulters and alert them. 
Learning : Knowledge about OpenCV, Tesseract, Data Analysis through Hadoop And Pig. 
Training and Courses 
Coursera Certification of Introduction to Big Data Analytics . 
Coursera Certification of Hadoop Framework and MapReduce . 
MarkLogic Fundamentals Learning Assessment Certificate 
Developing MarkLogic Applications I - XQuery Learning Assessment Certificate 
Coursera Certification of Introduction to Python . 
Coursera Certification of R Programming . 
Certificate of Fundamental of the Java Programming Language Java SE 6. 
Introduction to programming in C certified by IIT Kanpur. 
Big Data Analytics Course from ABESEC. 
OpenCV and Arduino classes by Care in ABES EC. 
Achievements and Awards 5th place in SHELDON (Image Processing Event) at IIT KHARAGPUR. 
1st place in Drishti (Image Processing Event) at ABES EC. 
Interests 
Developing coding skills Data Structure and algorithm Debugging 
Personal Details 
Father s Name : Mr. Vijay kumar Bansal Date of Birth : 06th October 1994 
Address 
: 18-5/355, New Jawahar Ganj, Hapur-245101 
