SANTHOSH M.P. Kerala Mob: 91 9061147060 
Email: santhoshmp007@yahoo.com 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
In pursuit of assignments in the areas of Software quality testing with a growth oriented organization where I can bring the best out of me. 
SUMMARY OF SKILLS 
Mmanual testing, various quality Tools such as QTP,QC, Selenium RC, Loadrunner ,Opensta ,Rational robot, Silktest . 
Linux, SQL. 
Experience in Quality, Planning, Project handling, testing(manufacturing industry). 
Actively involved in improving the working standards following the 5S. 
Experience in Sales. (Estimation, BOM, RFQ, Quote etc.) Handling customer QA issues ,Reviewing operating procedures , Doing training and development exercises ,Informing employees about yield performance ,Supplying targets for yield improvements ,Coordinating department activities ,Reporting on Quality Measurement 
Indices , Attending meetings . Making recommendations. 
Review of control philosophy, cause & effect diagrams, instruments list and flow charts. 
Experience in AutoCAD, Minitab, Lab VIEW, SAP, MSA. 
Documentation related to quality and inspection checks. 
Installation, Calibration and loop checking of various field instruments . 
EDUCATIONAL 
QUALIFICATIONS 
B. Tech Degree with first class (63%) in Electronics and Instrumentation from Karunya University 2009-2013. 
Completed HSE in COMPUTER SCIENCE with distinction (75%) from St. Antony s H.S.S, mala. 
Completed SSLC (77%) from SNVHS Aloor. 
ORGANIZATIONAL 
EXPERIENCE Organization : 
Apollo Tyres Ltd, Kerala, India 
Duration : 
Nov 2013 to Nov 2014 
Designation : 
Graduate Engineer Trainee Apprentice(Electronics department). 
Responsibilities: 
Testing, Calibration, Quality Assurance. 
Analyze quality performance utilizing using statistical and analytical tools and methods. 
Develops sampling plans by applying attribute, variable, and sequential sampling methods 
Implement methods to inspect, test and evaluate reliability, precision, reliability and accuracy of processes, products and production equipment. 
Documentation related to quality and inspection checks. 
Loop checking, trouble shooting and maintenance of various electronics instruments, PLC controlled machines, Utility equipments and Boiler systems. 
Ensure Spares balance and inventory control for all instruments spare parts and fittings. 
Experience in SAP Production module such as material handling, attendance and work log entry, Maintenance module such as creating maintenance plan and creating master inspection characteristics. 
Organization : 
Habu Process ( HABU Holding ). 
Duration : May 2015 to March 2016. 
Designation : 
Quality Engineer(manufacturing industry) 
Responsibilities: 
Prepares reports by collecting, analyzing, and summarizing data; making recommendations. 
Review all product quality aspects like planning, manufacturing methods and process specifications. 
Initiate programs to enhance supplier performance. 
Interact with manufacturing and engineering teams to optimize documentation related to quality and inspection checks. 
Coordinate with suppliers and customers relating to quality trends, performance and corrective action. 
Develop and establish quality procedures and systems for inspecting plans, quality trends, statistical plan price estimates and technical quality proposal plans. 
Implement methods to inspect, test and evaluate reliability, precision, reliability and accuracy of processes, products and production equipment. 
Contributes to team effort by accomplishing related results as needed. 
Experience in Estimation, BOM, RFQ, Quote etc. 
Experience in various types of transmitters ((E&H, Vega, and Emerson.) Analyzer system Projects for Emerson. 
Experience with Analyzer system, Sampling systems, Sample coolers, Thermal shutoff valve, Sample pressure regulators, Relief valve (sentry equipment). 
TRAINING 
Software testing Professional -STC technologies, Palarivattom(3 months course) 5S, Safety, Six Sigma, quality - Apollo tyres 2013. 
Lab VIEW certification course - Karunya University. 
PC HW and Networking 
-3 months course 
COMPUTER SKILLS 
Operating systems : 
Windows XP, 7, 8,Server 2012, Ubuntu, RHEL 5 
Programs : MS Office Suits, AutoCAD. 
Programming languages: Basic knowledge in C, C++, SQL, Java, Python, C#, HTML, PLC, SCADA. 
PROJECTS DONE 
Head Controlled mouse moment of computer with VB interface. 
Automation of Inflation pressure controlling unit for PCI. 
Automation of air filling unit. 
Automation of punching, and lubing units. 
PERSONAL PROFILE 
Date of Birth : 24/11/1989 
Sex : Male 
Nationality : Indian 
Passport No : L5429164 
Languages Known : English, Malayalam, Hindi, and Tamil 
Father s Name : Poulose MK 
Address : Melepuram house, potta po 
Thrissur , Kerala, India 680 722 DECLARATION I hereby declare that all information stated above is true to the best of my knowledge. . 
