 Objective 
To obtain a position as a Marketing and 
Business 
Development Consultant 
Qualifications summary Experience with foreign investments -protection, international economic programs development, international expert valuations, regional and international projects realization, management of capitals , marketing research, commerce-representation, distribution, Sales , import-export and re-export in European market. 
Professional experience 
1991- Present 
Business Development and Marketing Consultant. 
CEO of NAF Progress Contact-International Business Development Center ,Bulgaria . 
Solved economic development problems. Established and participated , as an active partner to local industries. 
On the National level- consulted Bulgarian Parliament and several Government and regional organizations in the field of marketing research and National business development . 
On the International level - worked with partners from Germany, France, Scandinavia ,Greece, USA, Canada, former Soviet Union and other countries , as marketing consultant and regional Trade and Economic representative. 
1990- 1995 Part-time lecturer in management and marketing at Danish and American private colleges; Sofia, Bulgaria. 
2001-2003 Managing Director and 
Co-founder of Canadian-Bulgarian private Chamber of Commerce, 
Toronto- Canada; 2003- 
Present 
Executive Director and Co-founder of German-Bulgarian private Foundation- Hans Binder , Sofia BG 
1995-1997; Diplomatic Officer, Economic and Commercial Counselor of Bulgarian Embassy, Copenhagen, Denmark 
Good- will 
Ambassador for 
Randers /Denmark/ 1984-1985 
Senior Economic Officer in the Trade Delegation - Bulgarian Embassy in Paris, France. 
1984-1991 
Adviser and Manager in 
the local and international foreign 
trade organizations in Bulgaria 
( APA International ,AQUACOR, BIOINVEST, PHARMACHIM etc.) 1978-1980 Chief Adviser on Corrosion Protection, Bulgarian National 
Research Institute of Chemistry; 1974-1975 
Senior 
Laboratory Assistant, Chemical Laboratory-Kiev Polytechnic University, Ukraine; Nikolay Alexandrov Filipov, Ph.D. GSM: ( 00359 ) 877404878 
E-mail: nafilipov@abv.bg 
Address: #10, 510 str.-Dragalevzi , 1415-Sofia, Bulgaria 
Professional memberships 
Bulgarian Scientific and Technological Union 
Bulgarian Chemist s Association 
Bulgarian Farmer s Association 
Bulgarian Industrial Association 
Bulgarian Business Block 
Diplomatic Club, Copenhagen- Denmark 
Rotary Club , Sofia Bulgaria 
Scientific research experience 1988 Present Researches in the field of International business development and marketing for local and foreign developers and organizations. 
Researches in the European economic integration processes. 
1978-1988 
Scientific researcher in 
Bulgarian State Committee for 
Sciences and Technology Development, Sofia . 
Publications A number of publications on the field of Corrosion 
Protection studies and technologies , International 
Marketing researches in the European Economic integration development, - in Bulgarian and foreign press . 
Education 
1981-1984 Master Degree in Business Administration ; All former Soviet Union s Academy for Foreign trade and International Business Administration , Moscow; 
1971-1975 
Master Degree in Electro-Chemical Technologies, Kiev Polytechnic 
University , 
Kiev , Ukraine; 
1969-1971 Bachelor s Degree in fine Chemical Technologies , 
Moscow 
University Michael .Lomonossov 
for fine Chemical Technologies ;Moscow, Russia Additional training - 1998 American English language course at Rennert Bilingual office a division of Wall Street Languages Ltd. , New York City ,USA ; 1986-1988 
Post graduate training , Doctorate in the integration processes in the European economy with practical Implementations of the research s results; Bulgarian Academy of Science, Ph.D. in Economics; 
Languages 
Bulgarian , Russian , Ukrainian , Serbian, Macedonian , English , French . 
International References - available 
upon requests 
