Nicklesh Adlakha 
Flat No: 213, Sri Sapphire Park, Vijinapura Mo: (+91)9343348701 Ramamurthy Nagar, Bangalore 16 
nicklesh.adlakha@gmail.com (mailto:nicklesh.adlakha@gmail.com) 
Utilize strong Technical skills in order to contribute towards quality solutions and to bring new innovations in IT field by constantly upgrading my technical knowhow. 
Total Experience: 8.2 yrs Total IT Experience: 6 yrs 8 months 
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE 
Working knowledge of perl XS programming. 
Working Knowledge of Socket Programming. 
Hands-on Experience in programming in Perl and Python. 
Experience programming OSS (Open Sound System). 
Good Knowledge of ALSA (Advanced Linux Sound Architecture). 
Good Knowledge of Linux Kernel Compilation, CROSS Compilation Tools. 
knowledge of writing Linux Device Drivers. Knowledge of FFMPEG. 
Hands on experience writing Web Automation Framework, Embedded Linux Automation Framework. 
Strong C Programming Knowledge. 
Experience Programming in Embedded Linux Environment. 
Well versed with Embedded Linux Development Environment. 
Good Experience in setting up Embedded Linux Development Environment. 
Good experience in System / Application Programming. 
Good experience working with simulators like QEMU. 
Good knowledge of Serial programming. 
Good experience, programming in PHP language. 
Good experince in Selenium RC. 
Knowledge of GNU debugger. 
Knowledge of Android OS Stack. 
Knowledge of Memory Technology Devices. 
Exposure to ARM Architecture. 
Knowledge of DNS, DHCP, NFS, NIS, TCP/IP Stack, SNTP, VPN, IPSec. Knowledge of Linux Administration. 
EDUCATION 
B.E in Electronics and Instrumentation from GH Institute of Technology, 2001. 
PRODUCTIVITY TOOLS 
Languages: C, Perl, Core Java, Php, Javascript, HTML, Awk 
Operating Systems: 
Linux, Unix, Mac OSX, Windows xp/9x/NT 
Databases: 
Mysql, Oracle 
IDE: 
Eclipse, IntelliJ Idea, Komodo 
Configuration Management 
Tools: 
Perforce, CVS, SVN 
Web Server: 
Apache 
Bug Tracking Tools: Bugzilla 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Yahoo! Software Development India Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore Oct 2010 
Till date as Tech Lead 
Symphony Services Corp. (India) Pvt. Ltd, Bangalore 
Nov 2006 
Oct 2010 IC Infotech 
May 2006 - 
Nov 2006 Cambil Software Pvt. Ltd., Bangalore 
May 2005 
May 2006 Jindal Electric & Machinery Corp., Ludhiana Oct 2003 
March 2005 OTHER EXPERIENCE 
Written netcat like utilities in perl, c. Written MP3 player for Linux (Project hosted on SourceForge) 
Written wget like utilities in perl, c, php. 
Written chat applications in perl, php, ajax. 
Written API's for web administration in perl, proxy host in php. 
AWARDS (i) Exceptional Performance, COE, Symphonysv. 
PROJECTS 
Project #1 
Product Name: PSI (Premium Services Infrastructure) 
Client: Yahoo! 
Technologies: C, Perl, C++, Java, Php, Oracle, Hudson, svn 
Period: 
Oct 2010 to till date 
Team Size: 10 
Description: 
The main mission of PSI is to take money from Yahoo's end users and give them products and Services in return. In addition, the PSI system is an integral part of Yahoo!-Microsoft Search alliance. It Ensures pre-pay advertisers have sufficient funds in their accounts to serve ads and it hosts a number of tabs within Microsoft's adCenter and Yahoo! YCRM application through which account managers view and manage advertisers accounts. PSI provides following services: 
Placing new orders Upgrading and downgrading existing orders Support for Visa, MC, Amex, Discover, PayPal, Bill to Telephone Number (BTN) billing (through SBC) 
A C++ interface for third party ordering Collections / treatment Gifting and promotional campaign support 
A Wide array of discounting models 
A telesales interface 
Responsibilities: 
Writing PSI infrastructure Components in Perl & C. 
Writing Test-harness Macros for PSI in Perl. 
Project #2 
Product Name: Emebedded 
Automation Framework. 
Client: Symphony, COE(Center of Excellence) 
Technologies: Embedded Linux, GCC, C, U-Boot(Boot Loader), FS (INITRAMFS) OS: Linux (Kernel series 2.6) 
Hardware: Arm board (ARM926Ej-S) 
Period: April-2008 to Oct-2010 
Team Size: 2 
Description: 
ETAF (Embedded Test Automation Framework) is used to test API's provided by the external Library. API signature is passed as a string in which API parameters are separated by pipes. All the symbols are resolved at run time by ETAF. It has the provision to save state of a previous call and can later be used in a different API call. It supports all the Data types supported by C language. At the end of the test run it generates a test report. 
Responsibilities: 
Written the core framework. 
Cross Compilation of linux kernel. 
Booting the board. 
Bringing up the network. 
Testing / Debugging. 
Project #3 
Product Name: SymAuto 
Client: Symphony, COE 
Technologies: Perl, Selenium RC, Selenium GRID, Java, Frankenstein, mysql 
OS: Linux, Windows xp, Mac OSX 
Period: 
sep-2008 to Oct-2010 
Team Size: 2 
Description: 
SymAuto is a cross platform web automation framework around selenium RC(Remote Control from thoughtworks) written in perl. We have given an abstraction layer to the input scripts in terms of xml so that one needn't know the framework or write the test cases in perl to use it. Testcases are written in xml. The framework parses the xml, calls the function with required parameters(Reflection) . It generates the test result in txt and HTML formats. 
It can also send mails or for that matter push test results to a Database. The framework has this grid feature wherein single test case can be executed simultaneously on multiple combinations of OS / Browsers. SymAuto also provides hooks for integration of third party tools. As of now we have integrated AutoIT, Java Access Bridge, Frankenstein(For Swing apps) with SymAuto. 
Responsibilities: 
Written the entire framework. 
Testing / Debugging 
Project #4 
Product Name: SymTMS (Testlink / Bugzilla) 
Client: Symphony, COE 
Technologies: Perl, PHP, Javascript, Apache web Server, Mysql 
OS: 
Linux, Windows xp 
Period: May-2008 to sep-2008 
Team Size: 3 
Description: 
SymTMS (Symphony Test Case Management system) is based on open source Testlink / Bugzilla projects. Sym TMS is the 
Responsibilities: 
Customised Bugzilla / Testlink for symphony. 
Testing / Debugging 
Project #5 Product Name : Reporting Tool 
Client: Symphony, COE 
Technologies: Perl, XML, Mysql 
OS: Linux, Windows xp 
Period: Feb-2008 to May-2008 
Team Size: 1 
Description: 
The tool takes specification file and Xml File generated by automation tools like 
Winrunner, QTP etc. As input. It parses the Xml file, extracts the required information and put those in a database. The entire application is written in Perl. It generates the final report in doc/xml/xls format as indicated in the specification file. 
Responsibilities: 
Written the tool in Perl. 
Written remote administration module (CGI) for the tool. 
Project #6 
Product Name: Workspace 
Client: Google, Hyderabad 
Technologies: Java, Ajax, Python, Mach, Selenium RC OS: Linux 
Period: Jan-2007 to Nov-2007 
Team Size: 2 
Description: 
Workspace is an online tool for building rich, interactive websites. Using workspace information sites, collaborative intranet can be constructed. We can always customize the look and feel of sites and can also embed Google applications like Calenders, Picassa web albums, Mailing Lists/Forms, Presentations, Spreadsheets, Blogs, Sign-up sheets etc.. It also gives the facility to integrate Google tools like Doc Lists, Google Analytics for traffic, Adsense for monetization, Sitemaps for indexing. 
Responsibilities: 
Writing automation framework in Java using Selenium RC. 
Web applications security Finding xss vulnerabilities. 
Project #7 
Product Name: Mac Messenger 
Client: 
Yahoo!, Bangalore 
Technologies: Perl 
OS: MAC OS X 
Period: May-2006 to Nov-2006 Team Size: 3 
Description: 
Yahoo! Messenger is an instant messaging client. Yahoo! Messenger comes with a battery of options like Yahoo! Mail, Web cam Hosting, Text Messaging Service, File Transfer, Avatars, Buzz Facility. Users are automatically notified when they receive any new event like Mail, Buzz, File etc.. 
Responsibilities: 
Scripted the installation / Monitoring tasks. 
Testing / Debugging. 
Project #8 
Product Name: Cruisebot 
Client: Cambil Software 
Technologies: 
J2EE, Html, Oracle8i OS: windows xp 
Period: 
May-2005 to May-2006 
Team Size: 6 
Description: 
Cruisebot is a travel site, which facilitates agents to do cruise reservations online from any part of the world. This Project is for agents who book cruise tickets for their customers. Some major features of cruisebot are (a) Complete transaction reporting for booking sales and commission. (b) Ability to track commission. (c) Group booking functions. (d) Insurance bookings. (e) Automated Agent/Customer History etc.. 
Responsibilities: 
Web application security. 
Testing. 
Project #9 
Product Name: Optiranker 
Client: Cambil Software 
Technologies: Jsp, PHP, Perl, Html, Mysql 
OS: 
Windows xp, Linux 
Period: 
Dec-2005 to May-2006 
Team Size: 3 
Description: 
Its a search engine optimization tool suite which generates relevant keywords that propels the target website to the top of search engines such as Google, Yahoo!, MSN, Lycos, and others. It performs a complex set of mathematical analysis to get the results. The analysis is based on the same AI technologies that are the underpinning of search engine themes. 
Responsibilities: 
Written CGI in Perl for Search / Authentication / Database Modules. 
Testing / Debugging. 
Project # 10 
Client: Jindal Electric & Machinery Corp., Ludhiana 
Period: Oct-2003 to March-2005 
Description: 
Its an electrical firm which is into manufacturing of Industiral grade Servo Voltage Stabilizer, Current Transformer, Isolation Transformer. 
Responsibilities: 
RSS Engineer. 
