 M.kathirvel 
Cell: 8939585585 
E-Mail: Kathir.kn66@gmail.com (mailto:Kathir.kn66@gmail.com) Career Objective 
To obtain an accounting position where I will be able to contribute my skill, knowledge and experience to a company that will give me an opportunity to develop my career. 
Accounting Skills 
Having nearly 4years of strong experience in accounting field. 
Well versed in accounting softwares SAP , Tally . 
Good interpersonal and communication skills. 
Responsible for complex interaction with clients. 
Able to understand any minor or major mistakes in accounts. 
Maintaining good record of all accounts, which is understood by others. 
Professional Experience 
Worked as Accounting Executive in Neutrino Biotechnologies (India) Pvt Ltd Chennai Since June 2012 to August 2015. 
Accounts Receivable 
Handling Billing and collections process. 
Revenue Recognition Monthly/Quarterly 
Develop and maintain effective business relations with vendor Assess collections and billing processes and procedures and implement changes Prepare ad hoc reports for all department as required Provide support for month, quarter and year-end close Facilitate External Audits 
Accounts Payable: 
Monitored all Accounts Payable processes, petty cash, credit cards, expense report and fleet management account reconciliation Assisted Controller with cash planning; provided recommendation on weekly vendor cash disbursements 
Developed & maintained strong vendor relationships, contracts & negotiated payment terms Assisted Finance Team with month end processing, including accruals and account reconciliations 2. Working as Accounting Executive in Go Fashion 
(India) Pvt Ltd ,Chennai Since September 2015 to till date. 
Responsibilities 
Reviewing, compiling and financial information. 
Maintaining day-to-day cash inflows and outflows. 
Maintaining, controlling the expenses of the company. 
Reporting the daily, weekly and monthly fund statements. 
Interacting with internal and external auditors in completing the audits. 
Completing all the activities on same day without keeping any pending works. 
Using different types of accounting software. Verify that all accounting related activities follow company standards. 
Preparing Bank Reconciliation Statement 
Technical Skills: 
SAP, Tally, Microsoft Office products Qualification B.COM(Computer Application) with 52% from RVS College of Arts &Science, Bharathiyar University in 2012. HSC with 74% from S.L.N.M Higher Secondary School, Coimbatore in 2009. SSLC with 59% from S.L.N.M Higher Secondary School, Coimbatore in 2007. 
Personal Profile 
Communication Address : Kathirvel M, 15, Shesalam street, Saidapet, Chennai 600018. 
Permanent Address 
: S/O M.Moorthy, No-20,Periyar Nagar, Dharasuram, Kumbakonam 612001. 
Date of Birth : 10th March 1992 
Nationality 
: 
Indian 
Sex 
: 
Male 
Marital status 
: 
Single 
Languages known : 
Tamil, English. 
I do hereby declare that all the details given above are true and correct to best of my knowledge and belief. 
Date : 
Yours Truly, 
Place : 
(Kathirvel M.) 
