Nitin Tripathi nitin.tripathi@gmail.com +91.9818.697.411 Summary Software Product Developer, Blogger 
Parallel, Grid & Distributed computing, High Performance 
Computing, Statistics, Operations Research, Reverse 
Engineering, 
Data Mining, Machine 
Learning, Search, Recommendation, Natural Language Processing 
Ability to influence without authority Ability to think abstractly and deal with ambiguity Experienced with leading, manage and mentor 
a team of 30+ engineers Plan, track and estimate product development activities 
I love to build robust and reliable software products which work in distributed and heterogeneous settings. 
Key Words Language: Java, Python, Shell script 
OSS: MySQL, PostgreSQL, H2DB, MongoDB, 
Aerospike, Apache 
Kafka, Elasticsearch, Redis, Telegraf, InfluxDB, Grafana 
Solr, Lucene, Google GRPC, 
Apache Thrift, 
Apache Avro, Google 
Protocol Buffers, Commons-Math, Stanford 
CoreNLP, 
FabFile Fabric, Locust.io etc. 
Experience Senior Principal Engineer, Snapdeal 
October, 2014 
Till Date 
Generic crowd-sourcing platform, which intelligently assigns tasks to relevant workers such that it reduces latency and meets expected budget and quality. 
Advanced 
Kafka 
Client (Common Library) to decouple consumption from processing providing ordered, unordered and striped order APIs. 
Prescriptive catalog optimization, which recommends the seller s product 
catalog based on their affinity to brand, category, price-similarity, demand location and competition. 
Prescriptive price optimization, which derives the optimal price strategy to maximize future profit/revenue on the basis of massive predictive 
formulas produced by machine learning. 
It first builds sales forecast formulas of multiple products, on the basis of historical data and then proposes an optimal price personalized for the seller. 
Buy-button assignment, a personalized trustworthy seller recommendation system for the customers of Snapdeal. 
It consists of a module which classifies sellers into trustworthy one or not using decision-tree classification technique, and then developed 
another module which makes use of the content- based filtering 
method to find best-matching 
top-k sellers among the selected trustworthy sellers. 
Restocking Inventory, advises sellers to restock. It first builds sales forecast formulas of multiple products, on the basis of historical data and then proposes an optimal stock level for the given product personalized for the seller. 
Measure 
Readability for 
English Language, as improving readability 
level product description 
can make the difference between success and failure of its communication goals. 
It advises sellers to improve the content quality to increase sales. 
Apply statistical learning, NLP techniques to automate content validation, 
image/content co-relation and authorization during 
Listing. 
Built 
full-stack Flash Sale solution 
that can handle massive concurrent requests for inventory 
updates from customers during online flash sales. Further, it extracts actionable insights into customer behavior and preferences to make compelling sales offers based on real-time data inputs. 
Drive 
Partner APIs for third party integrations with sellers and, couriers, to facilitate seller work-flows like on-boarding, listing, orders and returns 
Built information 
retrieval systems for 
Sellers to facilitate various use cases like Sell on Snapdeal , Seller Potfolio , Competition in a given group Evangelize Infrastructure as Code tools and technologies to efficiently deploy middleware and applications using automation scripts. These automations comprise a series of steps that should be idempotent to guarantee repeatability and convergence. Results include higher developer/QA productivity. 
Evangelize automated distributed load testing to identify, isolate and fix system problems. Integrated with build pipe-line to measure the trending quality of application. 
Lead Software Engineer, Narus 
July, 2013 October, 2014 Reverse 
engineer 
(Deep Packet Inspection) 
L7 protocol specification using machine learning to extract forensic data evidences on social network 
traffic to identify terrorist/anti- social activities. 
Built a data pipeline for extracting, transforming, and real time analytics on high velocity and large volume of network packet data Traffic generation tool-set to facilitate functional, performance and capacity testing. 
Specialist, Sapient 
February, 2013 
July, 2013 Distributed request tracing to troubleshoot latency problems in micro-services architecture using Java agent framework. 
Developed test harness for 
end to end testing of non-food businesses applications at large European retail. 
Principal Engineer, Onmobile 
January, 2010 February, 2013 Multi client shopping network that intelligently matches buyers and sellers using multiple channels 
retail like 
WAP, Handset 
Client, USSD and SMS. 
Expose public APIs for catalogue search, advertisement, ratification, 
inventory, customer and merchandise to facilitate with internal/external client systems. 
Intelligent search based applications to facilitate mission- oriented information access, analysis or discovery 
such as customer service and support, 
logistical track and trace, contextual advertising, decision intelligence, e-Discovery. 
Social 
network analysis (centrality) identify thought leaders to make optimal utilization of promotion bandwidth identify similar taste' for improving high quality recommendations. 
Reliable utility for efficiently collecting, aggregating, and moving large amounts of log data. 
Robust batch applications vital for the daily processing of bulk data in a transactional manner. 
Built 
Cricket News 
Feed 
(ICC Worldcup, 2011) for multiple channels SMS, WAP, USSD & handset clients for pan India launch in a fortnight. 
Gatherer - Created framework for collecting and aggregating log data from multiple data centers in different time zones 
Senior Development Engineer, Pramati 
July, 2008 January, 2010 
The complete lifecycle experience with monitor, code profiling, code refactoring, design change, load test, deployment using pragmatic approach (i.e. from optimum utilization of raw computing resource to managing the user experience) to solve the problem of scalability and reliability in a distributed web application. 
IT Specialist, IBM 
October, 2005 
July, 2008 Broad 
based experience in 
very large scale 
telecom application integration using SOA principles. 
Education MCA, Institute of Management Technology (IMT), Ghaziabad, 2002 2005 
