Jatin P Chauhan TOP MANGEMENT PROFRESSIONAL: HEAD- PROJECTS DEVELOPMENT PLANNING EXECUTION DEVELOPMENT 
A-28, Bhulabhai Desai park Society, jatin.jpc@gmail.com Laxmikant Ashram Road, Katargam +91-9727257082 Surat 395004, Gujarat, India. B.E CIVIL with 13.6 years of experience in Real Estate Development, Industrial infrastructure project Management, planning & Execution. 
Key Skills: 
Oversees Execution, Real Estate & infrastructure Projects Development. 
Tender Evaluation & Documentation. 
LEED Documentation. 
Career Timeline: J.K Projects Pvt Ltd Jay Prakash Associates Ltd 
Hindva Builders 
(Jaypee Group) 
Jul 03 Mar 04 
April 04 - Mar 08 Dec 09-April 10 
May 08-Nov 09 & 
Feb 14- to 
May 10 to Continue 
January-14 Design Point Vizon India Consult Pvt Ltd. 
Black Ink Education 
B.E. (Civil) from SVNIT, Surat in 2003. 
H.S.C 12th (10TH +2 level), SCIENCE, from Gujarat State Education Board, Ghandhinagar in 1998. 
S.C.C 10th Level, from Gujarat State Education Board, Ghandhinagar in 1996. 
Brief Profile:- 
Work Experience 
13.6 Years. 
Current Employer HINDVA BUILDERS, SURAT (Designation) 
[HEAD - PROJECTS DEVELOPMENT] Functional Area Real Estate Development. 
Language Known Gujarati, Hindi, English Date of Birth 27 April, 1981. 
Work Experience: 
Hindva Builders, Surat, Feb 2014- to Continue 
Head- Projects Development 
Key Competencies: Seeing Overall Day to Day Operations of the Projects with effective Management at site. 
Direct all real estate development operations including coordinating financial packaging with Cash Flow Management. 
Oversee the negotiation of all major agreements, construction contracts and architectural agreements. 
Ensures assigned projects are completed within budgets and schedules, while meeting client needs, business objectives and design guidelines. 
Monitors progress, provides financial control and ensures quality of project. 
Responsible for Manage the project team including architects, engineers, workplace consultants, construction engineers and administrative support. Progress Review 
Meeting at site to see the project status Coordination with Purchase department for effective use of Building Materials on right way with specifications. 
Significant Achievements: 
Certification: IGBC Green Homes Pre-certified Silver Rating, October 2015 from IGBC 
Most Prestigious Project named Palazzo at T.P-14 (Pal), F.P.135 to 137. 
Black Ink (Formerly Known as Sanjay Josshi & Associates), Surat. 
1st May 2008 Nov-2009 & May 2010 to January-2014. 
Team Head. 
Responsibilities: Took the whole project management as Team Head and was responsible for bringing the project from design stage to final implementation stage. 
Monitored and ensured that the development is done as per the specification. 
Coordinated and supervised engineers, contractors, staffs under me and made the process clear that get the report of daily activity of each staff by end of day. 
Used cost evaluation techniques and calculations and ensured that the project cost is kept the minimum without losing quality and efficiency. 
JAIPRAKASH ASSOCIATES LIMITED 
Dec 2009-April 2010. 
Technical Officer. Job 
Profile: Supervision of the construction site, field trials of concrete mixes and to suggest the measures to be adopted for the good quality of construction. 
Distress investigation and quality assessment of concrete structures. Third party quality checking, preparation of reports and manuals. 
Design Point Vizon India Consult Pvt Ltd, Surat, April 2004 - Mar 2008. 
Senior Engineer. 
Responsibilities: As a Senior Engineer I worked with diversified projects in civil engineering namely projects related to residential, commercial and industrial projects. 
This gave me in depth understanding of business areas on all these areas. 
Used separate approach and techniques for each domain as the rules, code and costing technique for each project differs. 
I am a good team player and thereby could work well with the team of builder s, contractor s and management & could implement the development as per design standards with quality and efficiency in stipulated time. 
J.K Projects Pvt Ltd, Surat, 17th Jul 2003 - Mar 2004. 
Commenced Career with Graduate Engineer Trainee. 
Significant Achievements: Having knowledge of Billing and Estimation. Having knowledge of developing rules and regulations for private and public sectors project. 
Having knowledge of Laboratory testing of construction material. Having knowledge of Survey Equipment s (Theodolite & Total Station). 
IT Skills 
Auto Cad, MS Office (Excel, Power Point, Word) & ERP. 
