Sakshi
 
E: sakshi.niftkd@gmail.com 
M: +91-9818442582 
Skills & Abilities: 
Logical and analytical thinker Inspiring team player with result-oriented performance Adaptability to changing environment Ensuring resilience, compassion & excellence. 
I believe in achieving excellence through innovation, learning and mental agility. My career aim is to remain in a role where I can make use of my expertise productively and gain better skills, wisdom and experience from it. 
I am a Graduate as well as Post Graduate from NIFT and my professional profile encompasses experience as a Manager with retail brands, Merchandising with Apparel Buying Houses, freelancing projects in Visual Merchandising and home decor. 
Professional experience: 
Organization: Laven Fashions Pvt Ltd |Period: Sept 2014- till date | 
Profile: Senior Manager-Retail (MBO & LFS) 
Current CTC: 7.20 LPA 
Key Responsibilities as Senior Manager 
Lead the company s retail (MBO & LFS) sales functions. 
Develop strategic plans on retail (MBO & LFS) sales opportunities, projections/cycle. Establish short/long-range objectives, policies & operating procedures. 
Determine retail (MBO & LFS) revenue & gross-profit plans by forecasting & developing annual sales quotas. 
Accomplish retail (MBO & LFS) objectives on budget, forecasting, expenditures, sales & collections. Analyze variances, initiating corrective actions, implementation & evaluating advertising, merchandising, trade promotion programs & sales action plan. 
Improve product marketability by advising retail (MBO & LFS) market trends. 
Building rapport & promoting positive relations with partners, vendors, & distributors. 
Conduct retail (MBO & LFS) business audit every quarter & take appropriate action on variance. Create & send accurate monthly reports indicating the Planned Vs Achieved and the reasons for any shortfall 
Professional experience: 
Organization: KSP India Pvt Ltd. Gurgaon, Haryana |Period: June 2012- Aug 2014 | (KSP India Pvt. Ltd. is a Reputed Sourcing 
Management Company) 
Profile: Merchandiser 
Key Responsibilities as Merchandiser 
Fabric collections for presentation to clients as per client s preference. 
Analysis of tech packs to workable solutions. 
Creation of time & action plan for effective implementation of the technical package to process. 
Accessories sourcing & approvals. 
Lab-dips/Fit Samples/Detailing (Print/Embroidery/Washing) developments as per client specifications. 
Sampling tracking & ensuring right sampling is delivered to the clients. 
Mail communication with clients & conversion units for effective information flow. 
Work Experience with International Brands: 
URBAN Outfitters(Philadelphia), Anthropology, Free People 
Freelance Design Projects: Total Experience: 5 years 
Tasks undertaken: 
Innovation of new products for Home D cor and Lifestyle segment. 
Designing and prototyping for the desired products. 
Working with different materials for solving design related glitches while prototyping and sampling. 
Coordinating the photo-shoots and displays in terms of art direction, styling, frame set up and lighting making the product look best. 
Working on props and lighting equipment for Store and Window displays for major retail brands. 
Coordination and communication with clients regarding the planning for timely deliveries of products to be used in store and window display. 
Travelling to handicraft/ product manufacturing clusters all over India to source desired product. 
Coordination and communication with the vendors to ensure timely procurement of products. 
Post-Graduation projects 16 Weeks project with Lifestyle stores, Chennai 
Profile: Trainee 
Tasks undertaken: 
Market research done for coming up store at Phoenix Market City, Chennai 
Monitoring Sales & Suggesting lines for promotions. 
Graduation Project 22 weeks project with Celestial Knits and Fabs Pvt. Ltd, Noida 
Profile: Trainee 
Tasks undertaken: 
Merchandising and design project 3 commercial collections were designed & developed. 
Merchandising- Assisted a senior merchandiser in regular follow ups of sampling and production. 
International brands: Billabong, Supertrash, Stradivarius, pull&Bear, Oysho, Massimo Dutti and Bershka 
Educational Qualifications:. 
COURSE INSTITUTE YEAR SPECIALIZATION MFM NIFT, Chennai 2010- 12 Fashion management B.Des NIFT, Chennai 2006- 10 Knitwear design Computer Literacy 
Design Software: Good knowledge of design software like Adobe Photoshop | Corel Draw | Ned graphics | 
Office Software: MS Office Tools (MS Word / MS Excel / MS PowerPoint) 
Personal details: 
Name: 
Sakshi 
Period of Employment: 4 years 9 months 
Current Location: Bangalore 
Father s Name: Dr. A. S. Rathore 
Date of Birth: 13th August, 1987 
Marital Status: Married 
Nativity: Uttar Pradesh 
Language Skill: English, Hindi 
Interests & Hobbies: Travelling and Networking, Home D cor, Music, Cooking, Reading and Writing 
Permanent Address: A 406, Golden Towers, I Block, Shastri Nagar, Meerut. 250001 
E-Mail: sakshi.niftkd@gmail.com 
Mobile: 
Skype ID: 
+91-9818442582 
Sakshinft 
REFERENECE 
References could be provided if & when required, from reliable & established Industry professionals. 
Sakshi India 
