 Swapnali Agnihotri 
A-2 605, Aishwarya Greens, Survey no.172/1, Near old power house, Pune-Saswad road, Fursungi, Hadapsar , Pune-412308 
Mob: 9850411322 
Email: swapnali.agni@yahoo.com Summary 
German language specialist with over 5 years of experience with C1 certification in German language from Max Meuller, Pune. 
Experience 
Senior Executive, Vodafone India 
Pune April 2015 to July 2015 
Vodafone is a British multinational telecommunications company, headquartered in London. Vodafone is India s second largest mobile network operator. 
Key Deliverables: 
Invoice processing 
MIS creation 
Master data maintenance 
Publishing reports for internal customers Sales Operation Specialist, Avaya Inc. 
Pune September 2012 to June 
2014 Avaya is an American multinational technology company headquartered in Santa Clara, California that specializes in 
Internet telephony , wireless data communications, and Customer relationship management (CRM) software. The company also provides business communication solutions for customers 
Key Deliverables: 
Worked as a part of the sales factory team(STSO). 
Creating offers for various Avaya Products for Avaya direct and indirect customers across Germany and Europe. 
Processing Purchase orders. 
Identifying the special Contract terms for every client of Avaya and provide case specific discounts and services as settled with the clients. 
Creating offers and processing Pos for Channel customers and Avaya Partner Services. 
Processing online Offer Support tickets 
Other responsibilities: 
Trained fellow team members as a part of knowledge transfer program Contributed to creating training manuals and process documentations 
Handled the responsibility as a Risk Spoc in the team which includes creating and maintaining awareness about the ISMS policies being followed by all individuals in the team Acted as Transport Spoc to resolve transport related queries and grievances of transport availing employees 
German Language Specialist, Axa 
Pune 
February 2009 to February 2012 
Axa is a French multinational insurance firm headquartered in the 8th arrondissement of Paris that engages in global insurance , investment management , and other financial services . 
Key Deliverables: 
Handling motor claims in a non voice process from Switzerland(Swiss motor claims) Work comprises of handling motor claims in Non-Life team which is an end to end non-voice process starting from registration and notification to payment and settlement of the claim. 
Five types of damages under motor claims are being handled by the non-Life team. 
The claims are received in the form of invoices which are scanned from the Switzerland front office. 
The scanned invoice is analyzed and classified into the suitable coverage for the claim and is registered accordingly. 
The amount of payment is decided as per the set of standards given in the process and the payment is done after all the checks are done. 
Payment terms are decided as per given standards. 
The claim is settled after the payment with a settlement letter for every claim informing the end customer about all the details of the payment and the reasons for the same. 
Translating E-mails, Process update Documents etc. from German to English and vice versa, taking calls at times of technical difficulties. 
Education 
B.A. from University of Pune 
H.S.C. from Nasik Board in March 2002 
S.S.C from Nasik Board in March 2000 
German Language 
Certifications 
Zentrale Mittelstufenprufung C1 (M3) (Grade II) Max Meuller Bhavan, Pune 
Intermediate Level 2 (Grade IV) Max Meuller Bhavan, Pune 
Intermediate Level 1(Grade II) Max Meuller Bhavan, Pune 
Elementary Level 3 (GradeIII) Max Meuller Bhavan, Pune 
Elementary Level 2 (Grade I) Max Meuller Bhavan, Pune 
Elementary Level 1 (Grade I) Max Meuller Bhavan, Pune 
Special Diploma in German Translation (64%), Ranade Institute Pune University 
Advanced Diploma in German (63%), Ranade Institute Pune University 
Diploma Course in German (60%), Ranade Institute Pune University 
Certificate Course in German (61%) , Ranade Institute Pune University Languages known German 
English 
Hindi 
Marathi 
Strengths 
Ability to handle work pressure 
Team player 
Good communication skills 
Quick learner Good at multitasking Hobbies 
Listening to Indian classical music 
Reading 
Singing 
Travelling 
Cooking 
Personal Dossier 
Date of Birth : 12 th 
July 1984 
Gender : Female 
Marital Status : Married 
