TEFL.com. 
Page 1 of 4 Mr Michael Collard michaelleecollard1982@gmail.com 
Resume ID: 1779677 1. Account Details 
Name: Mr Michael Collard 
Address: 26 Llanover Road 
Pontypridd 
Cardiff 
Phone: +447727842310 E-Mail: michaelleecollard1982@gmail.com 
2. Permanent Contact Details 
Permanent Address: 26 
Llanover Road 
Pontypridd 
No State 
United Kingdom 
CF37 4DY 
Permanent Phone: 07727842310 
Permanent Mobile Phone: 07727842310 
Interested in Summer Teaching in: UK, USA, EUROPE 
3. Personal Details 
Employment Status: Currently not employed Date available for employment: Mon 13 Feb 2017 Date of birth: 
Country of Birth: 
Town/City of birth: Pontypridd 
Nationality at birth: 
Nationality now: United Kingdom 
Dual nationality: No 
Permission to work in EU: Yes 
Gender: Male TEFL.com. 
Page 2 of 4 
Marital status: Single 
Passport: Applicant holds a passport 
Driving Licence: Applicant does not hold a current driving licence 4. Languages/Cultures 
English Speaker: Applicant is a native level English speaker Visits to other countries: 
Thailand Aug 2015 , length of stay 5 months Nature of visit: Vacation/1:1 tutor experience 
Italy Jan 2016 Nature of visit: Teacher training for CELTA qualification & ESL work experience Foreign languages spoken: 
Welsh Reading ability: FLUENT 
Speaking ability: FLUENT 
Writing ability: FLUENT 
Native speaker? Yes 
Simultaneously translate? Yes 
Italian Reading ability: ELEMENTARY 
Speaking ability: ELEMENTARY 
Writing ability: ELEMENTARY 
Native speaker? No 
Simultaneously translate? Yes 
French Reading ability: BEGINNER 
Speaking ability: BEGINNER 
Writing ability: BEGINNER 
Native speaker? No 
Simultaneously translate? No 5. Employment Preferences 
Teaching 
Seeking a teaching position?: Yes 
Has previously held teaching position?: Yes 
Teaching experience: 1 year Experienced in teaching: English for IT, Online English, Young Learners, General English to Adults, Business English, In-house Business English for Corporate 
Clients 
Specific Exam preparation for: Cambridge Exams 
Management 
Seeking a management position? No 
Has previously held an EFL/ESL management post? No 
Teacher Training 
Seeking a Teacher Training Position No 
Held a Teacher Training post? Not specified TEFL.com. 
Page 3 of 4 Administrator Position 
Seeking an Administrator Position No 
Seeking a Sales & Marketing Position 
Seeking an Administrator Position Yes 
Held a Sales & Marketing post? Yes 
For the previous ten years my career and expertise has been involved in working in the field of digital marketing. The following experience is what I ve gained working in Welsh Government: Knowledge of writing and editing for the web, with proven ability of creating content that is accessible and usable; Experience in working with enterprise content management systems, bespoke and industry known such as Drupal ; Ability of appropriate goal- setting through using project management techniques; Experience of working with and interpreting web analytics and knowledge of Search Engine Optimisation techniques; Understanding of social media and its applications; Capability to interpret data and trends. 
I ve retrieved data from online portals such Google Analytics and other online portals. Ability to communicate effectively with a range of stakeholders at different levels. 
Sales & Marketing (years experience) 9 years Countries You Wish To Work In 
Applicant expressed an interest in working in All countries 6. Education 
Open University From Oct 2016 
Exams: Higher National Diploma - Sports Psychology 
Results: Ongoing 
Open University From Sep 2013 to Oct 2015 
Exams: Cert HE - Italian and Spanish, Psychology 
Results: Pass 
Ysgol Gyfun Llanhari From Sep 1993 to Jun 2000 
Exams: G.C.S.E, A Level 
Results: 8 G.C.S.E (B-D), 2 A Level (D) 
Has degree No 7. English Language Training 
English Language Teaching Certification 
International House: GIGA, Catania From Jan 2016 to Feb 2016 
Qualifications gained: Cambridge CELTA 
8. Non-English Language Training 
Other Certification 
Football Association of Wales From Aug 2016 
Qualifications gained: Football Leaders Coaching Level 1 Memberships of professional institutes or societies: 
Examinations and qualifications for which you are still working: 
In September 2016, I will commence working on an Open University 
HND qualification in Psychology and Italian. 
TEFL.com. 
Page 4 of 4 9. Employment History/Referees/Other Information 
EASI English From Aug 2016 
Country: Italy 
Position/s held: Online teacher of English 
Reason for leaving: Currently still employed Alpha and Omega College From Jun 2016 to Aug 2016 
Country: United Kingdom 
Position/s held: EFL Teacher 
Reason for leaving: End of school term 
GIGA - International House From Feb 2016 to Jun 2016 
Country: Italy 
Position/s held: EFL Teacher 
Reason for leaving: End of school term Welsh Government, CP2, Cardiff, CF10 3NQ From Sep 2005 to Jun 2015 
Country: United Kingdom 
Position/s held: Departmental Web Manager, Senior Analyst, Communications and Marketing Officer Reason for leaving: Interested in pursuing new career in teaching Information on employment gaps and previous posts held Since June 2015, I have been travelling and gaining experience in teaching and other subjects through finalizing my University qualification. 
Referees 
Robert Martinez Address: International House, Giga School, Catania 
Telephone: 
Fax: 
Email: direzionedidattica@gigact.com 
Andy Milne Address: Welsh Government, CP2, Cardiff, CF10 3GQ 
Telephone: 029 2082 5867 
Fax: 
Email: Andy.Milne@wales.gsi.gov.uk Anthony Evans Address: 
Telephone: 
Fax: 
Email: evansant@gmail.com 
Further Information 
Hobbies and any other interests: My hobbies include sport activities, such as playing football with friends, and also to watch live football with friends. I enjoy listening to music and playing music live, either on my own or with friends. 
I'm interested in career development and to improve myself through study and learning. I will be commencing a Higher National Diploma in September, and I'm interested in gaining further qualifications, such as a Bsc and an Ma in languages and psychology. My goal is to become proficient in Italian and French languages. I am very interested in current affairs and I read a lot on subjects that I find an interest in. For example, politics, crime and sport. I have a strong interest in travel, having visited numerous countries in Asia and Europe. I'm interested in travelling further and visiting countries in South America over the next few years. 
Further information: For further information, please view my LinkedIn profile at: https:// uk.linkedin.com/in/michael-collard-7177156b 
