N.CHANDRASHEKHAR MATERIALS AND SUPPLY CHAIN MANAGEMENT 
Mob No. +91 9032231452, +91
08106587825 / E-mail: 
ebchandru_n@rediffmail.comNo.25, Bhagirathi, 1st Cross, 1st Main, HSK Extn., BSK 3rd Stage, (Beside NCERT Office) Bangalore-560085 
OBJECTIVE:Aspiring for higher level assignment in Materials and Supply chain Management with growth orientedorganisation 
PROFESSIONAL CAPABILITIES: 
Over 16 years of qualitative experience in overseeing various functions like, supply chain,procurement, holding stores operations, production, inventory control, & logistics. 
Proficiency in supply chain management and analytical assessment to strengthen effectiveness. 
Possess excellent interpersonal, analytical and negotiation skills with proven track record of utilizinga process-oriented approach towards the accomplishment of cost, profit, service & organizationalgoals. 
Training internal team members on system process, procedures, documentation, communication,internal customer handling, etc.. Frequent review meetings with internal departments on the issues to achieve the targets, if any. 
Interfacing with cross-functional departments to ensure timely 
delivery of raw materials 
toproduction. 
PRESENT EMPLOYER: 
OPTO CIRCUITS INDIA LIMITED Located In Special Economic Zone, Visakhapatnam An ISO 9001:2008 13485 UL certified organization engaged in manufacturing of vital signs monitors(health 
care medical devices), 
Pulse 
Oximeters, sensors, and Digital Thermometers and AutomatedExternal Defibrillators for their subsidiaries 
Criticare 
Technologies Inc, USA and Cardiac ScienceCorporation, USA. 
Criticare 
Technologies Inc., involves in Designs, 
Manufacturers and Markets Patient 
Vital SignsMonitoring Technology. We are committed providing high performance and reliable products that addvalue to the patient healthcare experience in a rapidly changing healthcare environment. Part of the OptoCircuits family 
TITLE SENIOR STORES OFFICER1) Since Aug 2009 to till date (Located in Opto Circuits India Limited, SEZ Visakhapatnam)2) Aug 2004 to July 2009 (Located in Opto Circuits India Limited, 100% EOU, Bangalore) Roles & Responsibilities: 
Vendor Management: 
Vendor evaluation & finalization based on raw materials technical specs, quality, pricing, lead time,payment terms and execution of contracts, if any. 
PO release, follow-up with vendors for timely deliveries, release schedules, quality checks & ensuringtimely payments (both advance payments and payables). 
Handling discrepancies on the items short receipts, rejections and follow up on replacements for thesame. 
Raw materials planning as per production requirements Vendor development and finalizing the vendors as per material drawing and specifications 
Inviting quotations from local & overseas vendors Negotiating the best terms with respect to price, payment terms and delivery Vendor evaluation with respect to supplier capacity, quality, delivery schedule, price, payment ternsand other factors as per ISO requirement to update QSL and supplier rating valuation 
Vendor annual contracts execution 
Preparation of purchase orders thru ERP and releasing it to vendors as per agreed terms Getting pro forma invoice for the advance payments to overseas vendors Liaison with accounts dept. On advance payments release Check proper documentation on imports (like billing invoice and packing list), forward the same tologistics dept. To expedite material delivery 
Local sourcing co-ordinate with various types of vendors (like ARE, Non-ARE, Delivery Challan, etc.)And Logistics Dept. On the documentation to receive the material. Reports maintenance Vendors Supplier Capacity 
Vendors Registration 
Vendor Quotations 
Pending Pro forma invoices for advance payments Purchase Orders released Pending Purchase Orders 
Materials receipts against Purchase Orders 
Vendor Payables 
Liaison with Accounts 
Dept. 
And vendors to release 
I-Form 
(tax exemption Forms), TDSCertificate, etc.. Liaison with vendors to get respective Quality Dept. Documentation 
Vendor payables tracking and follow up with Accounts 
Dept. 
To release payments timely as peragreed terms with vendors 
Inventory Management: 
Maintaining all the activities pertaining to inventory operations. 
Streamlining the system and procedures for effective inventory control to ensure ready availability ofmaterials to meet the objectives. 
Managing inventory of raw materials and equipments and disposing the scrap ones for curbinginventory carrying costs. 
Ensuring proper documentation from raw materials receipts to finished goods shipment. 
Reconciliation of issues and receipts against holding inventory Coordinating with marketing and production teams for the effective raw materialPlanning and sourcing activities. 
Frequent physical stock verification on quarterly basis to ensure the smooth flow of inventory. 
MIS 
inventory 
analysis FIFO, 
A, B and C analysis, ageing, shelf-life inventory, inventory stockvalue etc.. 
Logistics Management: 
Devising efficient logistics management system to ensure imports by air and by sea from overseasvendors, domestic procurement thru local vendors, and finished goods exports by air and by sea. 
Networking with the transportation agencies to obtain cost effective transport solution (with pricing,quality service and payment terms). 
Finalizing with international courier companies by execution of contracts for all imports by air. 
Ensuring proper documentation and procedures to be followed as per SEZ rules and regulations forall local procurement, imports and exports. 
Timely submission of relevant documents to SEZ as andwhen required. 
Internal Audit 
Internal & external audit by UL audit and DQS auditors 
UL 
Audit 
(ISO 9001:2008 & ISO 13485:2003 ) OSHAS - safety audit by UL audit - (ISO 14001:2004 OSHAS 18001:2007) ETL -safety audit by INTERTEK audit 
Bank financial stock audit (Sept & March) Academic Credentials B.com from BANGALORE University-1995Ex-MBA from IIBM- DELHI- 2013 Awards 
Best Employee Award June 2012 Awarded for Appreciation and Recognition of Loyal and Invaluable Service to the Company 
2 ENGLISH BLAZER 100% Export Oriented Unit (Division of GOKALDAS IMAGES LTD.,) 
Title Stores Executive Duration: 2000 2004. 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
Stores maintenance. 
Updating of stores records through stage ERP package. 
Supervision of received trims checking and issues Preparation of order completion report and monthly stock report, updating of B.O.M. and Receipt and issues through stage ERP package. 
Reconciliation of inventory with planner and lead operator. 
Notify the planner in case of discrepancies in inventory count, or of any supply items that have reached or fallen below their Re ordering level 3. ONTOP PHARMACEUTICALS LTD (Sister Concern of SYSTOPIC LABORATORIES LTD) 
TITLE ASST MATERIAL OFFICIER Duration: 1999 2000. Roles & Responsibilities: 
Data entries of cash voucher, bank voucher, sales and purchase invoice under tally 4.5 Extractions of statements like parties outstanding statements, sale and purchase register and Sundry Creditors and Debtors, Under Tally Package. 
Preparation of Bank Reconciliation Statements and Parties 
Reconciliation Statements. 
Finalization Of Accounts With Auditors 
Generation of Salary Statements And Pay Slips (Employees Wise) Through Excel. 
Updating Of Monthly Statements like Stock Statement, RT12, 57G, and PLA 
4. SUJAY ADVERTISING TITLE ASSISTANT ACCOUNTANT 
Duration: 1997 1999. 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
Data entries of cash voucher, bank voucher, sales and purchase invoice under tally 4.5 Extractions of statements like party s outstanding statements, sale and purchase register andsundry creditors and debtors, under tally package. 
Keeping track towards incoming and outgoing cheques statements through excel. 
Preparation of bank reconciliation statements and party s reconciliation statements.Finalization of accounts with auditors 5. HINDUSTAN AERONAUTICS LIMITED. (HAL) 
TITLE Skilled Worker (Contract Basis) 
Duration: 1995 1997. Roles & Responsibilities: 
Materials inward in receiving stores along with Receiving Report. 
Materials counting and physical 
verification done by holding stores team against receivingreport, then we have to offer received materials to quality inspector for quality check. 
Material binning activity done on the basis 
quality 
inspection tag (Accepted, Rejection andQuarantine Tag) Material indent received from progress men on the basis materials issued by store in chargeafter quality check done by quality inspection team. 
Update the stores record like receiving report and material issue note through Bin card system. 
Implementation and updating stores records in oracle based stores ERP package. 
