Pavan Kumar P 
Contact : +91 8884021972 
E-Mail 
: pavan.07.07.92@gmail.com Date of birth : 07/07/1992 
Address : #13, 2nd cross, Munigurappa layout, Amruthalli, Sahakarnagar post, Bengaluru- 92. 
Languages Known : English, Kannada, Telugu and Tamil. 
Interests / Hobbies : Cricket, Cycling. 
Notice Period : Immediate Joining. 
Objective: 
Looking forward to work in an organization which helps to accomplish my personal, organizational goals and to improve my skills and efficiency. 
Summary: 
Have an experience of 5 months in HR backend process as an "Associate in EXL service with key responsibility like preparing reports, scheduling employees for training etc. 
Primary Asset: 
Quick learning ability. 
Descent Attitude. 
Skills: 
Well versed with Windows, MS Office (Excel, Word, Outlook). 
PERSONAL DETAILS CAREER OBJECTIVE, SUMMARY & SKILLS 
2015 - 2016 : EXL Services. 
Have an experience of 5 months in EXL services as an associate for HR backend process. My responsibilities were preparing various reports and helping out the clients by processing their request and mails. 
Responsibilities: 
Responsible for preparing and maintaining various reports. 
Scheduling employees for training. 
Helping out the client's by processing their request. 
Assisting and training new joiners. 
Experience : 0.5 Months. 
Position : Associate . 
PROJECT DETAILS 
As a part of academics, I have completed my Internship report of 10 weeks at Future Group s Big bazaar on the title 
A Study on Factors Influencing Employee Attrition at Big Bazaar . 
Description: Employee attrition states to the loss of employees through a sum of situations, such as resignation and superannuation. 
Though retail business is one of the booming sectors and also contributes a major part to the economy, it still has a major drawback on shortage of manpower. Attrition in retail ranks high in India. The retail sector in India has been experiencing a huge crunch in manpower due to various factors. 
This study helps us to understand the factors influencing employees to quit the workplace. And thus helps the company to overcome it. 
ACADEMICS 
Master of Business Administration: 
College : Sai vidya institute of technology. 
Year of Passing : 2015. 
University : Visvesvaraya Technological University. 
Percentage : 68.82. 
EXPERIENCE 
Bachelor Degree (B.COM): 
College : 
Seshadripuram First Grade College Year of Passing : 2013. 
University 
: Bangalore University. 
Percentage : 58.52. 
ACADEMIC HIGHLIGHTS 
Participated in Annual National Level Techno-Cultural fest 
ANAADYANTA 2014 for 
Best 
Manager event. 
Participated in HR CONCLAVE 2014 conference at RNSIT College. 
Participated in State Level fest 
Tech Vidya 2015 for Business Plan event. 
Presented a paper on 
A study on Factors Influencing Employee Attrition at Big Bazaar a National 
Level Conference called PRATHIBODH at SVIT. 
Participated in 
Poster Presentation event held at SVIT College. 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that above information is true to the best of my knowledge. 
PLACE: BANGALORE 
Date: (PAVAN KUMAR) 
