 1 VARUN NINAVATH ------------------------------------------------------------------------------- 
BHEL, Hyderabad, Telangana | (C) +917036213482
| 
ninavathv@gmail.com 
https://www.linkedin.com/profile/preview?locale=en_US&trk=prof-0-sb-preview-primary-button PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY --------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Focused Business Development executive with exceptional planning and implementation capabilities. Highly-trained in computer science with in-depth understanding of users requirements gathering and market trends. Adapt at cultivating managing and leveraging client relationships. 
Experienced in all facets of inside sales, outside sales, customer service and training. 
Customer-oriented with superior time management skills. 
Results-oriented and energetic Business Devolopment Executive with expertise in lead qualification and closing strategies. 
Talented sales professional effective at multi-tasking and reaching sales targets. Builds loyalty and long-term relationships with customers. 
SKILLS ---------------------------------------------------- 
Web Technologies: MS Office, 
TOP SKILLS: Operating Systems : MS-DOS, Windows 95/98/2000/2003/XP/Vista Business Development Communication: English, Telugu, Hindi Sales Lead Generation Sales Management International Sales 
B2B Sales 
Positive and upbeat 
Strong Interpersonal Skills Extensive Liinkedin network 2 WORK HISTORY 
December 2016 Present 
Business Development Manager 
| WizIQ | Begumpet, Hyderabad WizIQ is an easy way to teach and train online, WizIQ is a cloud - based learning platform with a suit of integrated features - Including online conferences, virtual class room, launching meetings, content authoring, video streaming, insights and analytics, mobile teaching, training and learning. 
April 2016 December 2016 Business Devolopment Executive 
|Spoors Technology India Pvt Ltd | Madhapur, Hyderabad 
Spoors is an IT company established in April 2013 and head quartered at Hyderabad, India, is a leading technology company. Ever since it s inception, Spoors has been constantly innovating and has emerged as a leading provider of comprehensive field force management solutions. Spoors provided it s product - EFFORT (Effortless Field Force 
Optimization and Reporting Toolkit) to over 120 companies involved in field force-intensive operations across the globe. Being the most innovative company in this field, Spoors develops cost effective software platforms to enhance the effectiveness and efficacy of field force for all industries. 
Expert for all phases of developing business including prospecting and identifying new potential clients An intelligent, inquiring mind with proactive mentality and drive to generate interest to make something from nothing. 
Confidence in manner and outlook ability to thrive in a collaborative yet results oriented environment. 
Experience in developing the business that resulting in successful closure of sale. 
Knowledge and interest in ethical trade and social auditing. 
Strong team work and influencing skills, the ability to work with other departments to achieve objectives within tight time frame. 
Excellent customer service, problem solving, teamwork, and knowledge-sharing skills. 
Strong English verbal and written communication skills with good presentation and negotiation skills. 
A commitment to the quality/value of results, open communication and privacy/confidentiality issues. 
Demonstrable experience of working to achieve sales targets and to meet deadlines. 
Ability to adapt to a changing environment and conditions. 
3 October 2104 - April 2016 Business Devolopment Executive| Swift Solutions Inc,| Hyderabad 
Swift Solutions is a Global IT Solutions and services firm. 
Since its emption, Realsoft has been providing best-quality and cost-effective IT solutions and BPO services to fortune companies, mid-range companies and upcoming companies via its onsite, Offshore and in-house service models. 
Roles & Responsibilities: As a Marketing Executive responsible for marketing the Bench Consultants. 
Will be Involved in Premarketing, Marketing and Post Marketing activities Extensively marketed H1-B candidates who are on bench by posting their resumes on job boards like Dice, Monster, Net Temps, Career Builder and Hot Jobs etc., through personal network and third party vendors list. 
Maintaining good rapport with the consultants and making them aware of current trends in the market and help them to upgrade themselves technically. 
Negotiating the rates, conducting the interviews and placing the available resources in various technologies along with obtaining purchase orders from the client., exchanging contracts, company information for billing purposes Setting up billing terms and conditions i.e. Net 30 or Net 15 with client. 
Hence closing the deal. 
Implement staffing strategies to provide a qualified and diverse candidate pool. 
Interface to negotiate and exchange information with all levels of management 
Marketing: As a part of marketing will be announcing the profiles on Job Boards, Searching for requirements on the Boards. 
Sending the hotlist to the concerned groups, exclusive vendors of the company and personnel lists will be the secondary task. 
Cold calling and interacting with new vendors on the other means like messengers will be part to develop vendor relation and thus which will be helpful in marketing. 
Resume: Preparation of Initial resume according to the need of the market and making sure the consultant is through with the resume by Involving in the mock calls. 
Tailor-making the resume to match the requirement and make sure the consultant is aware of the changes and through with the specified skill. 
Interviews: Make sure the consultant is well prepared for the Interviews scheduled. 
Providing the consultant all the available data regarding the requirement, client and questionnaire if possible. 
4 
If needed providing him the technical assistance through the technical team or the senior consultants so that they are perfect for the interview. 
Post Marketing: Once the consultant is placed taking care of the all the Paperwork is taken in time and coordinating with the contracts department to get the PO and/or the Contract is signed. 
Involved in the contract negotiations at times with the vendors along with the contract team. 
Responsible for all the travelling and accommodation is done by the concerned department. 
Coordinating with the consultant from the time we get the oral confirmation till he reaches safely the client place. 
Will be in constant touch with consultant for few days so that he might not face any trouble there. 
EDUCATION --------------------------------------------------------------- 2010-14 Bachelor of Science: B.Pharmacy 
Vishwa Bharathi College Of Pharmaceutical Sciences, Guntur 
