 Post Graduate Diploma in Management in Marketing and B.Tech in Computer Science. Sound understanding of Marketing Techniques and concepts. A Team Player having Positive & Go getter Attitude with Strong Interpersonal, Leadership, Convincing and Negotiation skills. 
Willingness to learn and grow in the corporate world. 
Name of Institute Year Degree Remarks 
International School of Management Excellence, Bangalore 2015-2017 PGDM (Marketing) (Pursuing) CGPA of 8.53, amongst top 10 students in my batch. 
Gurgaon College of Engineering, Gurgaon 2009-2013 B.Tech (CSE) 
Rotary Public School 2009 12th CBSE 
I was a Class Monitor in my school for more than 10 years. Sharda International School 2007 10 th CBSE 
Exponent Software Solutions, (Gurgaon) Jan 13 Jun 13. 
Project Description: 
Six months Internship on Core Java, for complete Student Management Solutions for leading Institute. 
- Designed Smart Client architecture based application with front end built in java and back end in MySql. 
- Designed & Implemented basic modules namely User, Fees, Attendance, Accounts, Admission Control. - Initiated campaigns like SMS on late Fees, Admission and Absenteeism etc. 
Management Intern Sales & Marketing Action Retails Ventures Pvt. Ltd. Delhi. 
(Apr 16-Jun 16). 
Project Description: 
- Campaigning & Promotion of Campus School shoes & Performance shoes. - Visited 18 Schools and 4 Uniform Centers during the period and got positive response from 12 of them and were ready to buy the products. 
- Visited Sports Complexes and Shops for promoting New Performance Shoes. 
- Branding & Promotion of Campus Brand by means of BTL activities. 
- Learnt Engaging with people, their Behaviors and their decision making in purchasing. 
Name: Bhupesh 
Email ID:bhupesh.isme1517@gmail.com 
Mobile: 9599205859 SUMMARY EDUCATION TRAINING/INTERNSHIP AEGIS BPO process for Flipkart Apr 15 May 15 
Designation: Executive 
- Handling inbound calls from customers. 
- Diagnosing and solving their issues and further forwarding to Technical team for solution. 
Project on Retail Management Project Description: - To know the overall Working of the Ladies Ethnic Wear retail store SOCH in different parts of Bangalore. 
- It includes: Store size, Interiors & Designing, No. of employees, Shelf size and pattern, Competitors, Target market, Positioning, Price, Revenue, Customer Turnover 
ratio and Marketing activities like- Advertisements & Promotions etc. 
Project on Sales & Distribution 
Project Description: 
- Chose Domino s Pizza Store to know the Internal as well External working of it. 
- Had to collect the information and views by conducting an interview of one senior level person(Manager) and one junior level executive. 
- It was a mixture of both close and open ended Questionnaires. 
Won best movie in short movie competition at ISME. 
Won 2nd prize in Advertising Premier League at ISME. 
Adaptability- Ability to adapt under any situations. 
Initiator- Actively initiated Swachh Bharat Abhiyan at my village. 
Positive Attitude- Towards Personal as well as Professional life. 
Hard working and Quick Learner- Remain motivated to do any kind of task given to me. 
Capable of meeting deadlines- Have completed many assignments and projects given in college within the deadlines. 
Course on C from Bureau of Intelligence System (Gurgaon). 
Active member of Entrepreneur Cell, ISME. 
Was Hostel Representative during PGDM for 1 year. 
Active participant and donor in various social causes like Tsunami, Flood & Earthquake etc. 
Volunteer for various Social Activities like 
Swachh Bharat Abhiyan , Green India 
Mission and 
Save Lakes . 
Actively participated in cultural programs held at school. 
ACHIEVEMENTS EXTRA CO- CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
SKILLS/STRENGTHS KEY PROJECTS 
Date of Birth: 28-June-1992. 
Languages Known: 
English & Hindi. 
Present Address: International School of Management Excellence 
Sy. No.88, Chembanahalli, Near Dommasandara 
Circle, Sarjapur Road, Bangalore- 562125. 
Permanent Address: Village Kadipur, opposite Syndicate Bank, P.O. Basai,Pataudi 
Road, Gurgaon (Haryana) 122001. (Mob no. 9891056777). 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
