 Cisco Certified Network Associate 
Objective To join a company that offers me a stable and positive atmosphere inspires me to enhance and therefore to innovate the work culture for the betterment of all parties concerned. I am looking for opportunities to improve my abilities & skills in the field of Network and Security technologies. 
Academic qualifications 2016 Degree in EXTC engineering(BE) -7.62(CGPI) VIII 
S.I.E.S graduate school of technology, Nerul, University of Mumbai 2016 Degree in EXTC engineering(BE) -7.56(CGPI) VII 
S.I.E.S graduate school of technology, Nerul, University of Mumbai 2011 Higher Secondary Certificate(HSC)-62% oriental education society, sanpada, Maharashtra State Board 
2009 Secondary School Certificate(SSC)-77.07% Little Flower High School, Thane, Maharashtra State Board Technical Skills 
ASA Firewall 
Features ( ASA 5520) 
Active/Standby Failover, Active/Active Failover 
ACL VPN 
Intrusion Prevention System (IPS) 
Intrusion Detection System (IDS) 
NIKHITA GAJANE 
Date of birth: 7 Feb 1994 Contact 
Mobile no : 9987379243 
Email:nikag1994@gmail.com Technical training Cisco Certified Network Associate in Routing and Switching . 
Completed CCNA in Security from ACIT. 
Completed CCNP in Security from ACIT. 
Completed CEH from ACIT 
Projects 
Mini project : Electronic Eye Controlled Security System : 
The main aim of our project is to provide security when any person is trying to enter Into your home without your permission.Electronic eye is a device that continuously monitors if anyone is visiting your house. 
B.E. Project : zigbee based industrial security system: 
A device is capable of monitoring the environmental parameter of underground mine, voice command also can be automatically generated, when environment parameters are abnormal which helps in monitoring the level for safety production and subdue the coal mine accidents. 
Strengths 
Sincere, punctual,good communication skills. 
Have the ability to work efficiently and co-operatively with a team. 
Willingness to adapt to the job responsibility dedicated to me. 
Has a friendly approach towards an individual to establish and maintain healthy relationship with the fellow colleagues and clients. 
Details 
Address : Shankar Tower, B-205, Plot-14, Sector-14, Sanpada,Navi Mumbai 400705. 
Languages: Hindi, Marathi, English. 
Nationality :Indian 
Marital status : Single 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that all the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
