TIRUMALARAJU PADMAVATHI Phone: + 91 8897631372 
E-Mail: padmavathi.tirumalaraju@gmail.com 
TIRUMALARAJU 
PADMAVATHI CONFERENCE MANAGER CENETRI PUBLISHING GROUP 
Asia Pacific Office. India 
I am submitting herewith my resume for your perusal and favourable consideration for the post in your organization Review of my credentials will indicate that I am a qualified and high performing individual with excellent professional and technical skills achieved via rich cross-functional exposure across the industry. I am an innovative thinker, able to apply analysis and creativity to problem solving. I am a highly personable, self-motivated and diligent individual with flexibility to adapt to new situations. 
Having faultless record of corporate event planning combined with discerning experience in planning, designing, arranging and coordinating every detail of various types of events such as conferences, client appreciation events, business meetings, exhibitions and social events (media). 
My core Competencies include: Detail oriented, Result/goal oriented, Self-Motivated, Articulate, Creative Strong verbal communication skills for dealing effectively with all types of personalities, Superb organizational skills Ability to prioritize, multi-task, lead, direct, and solve problems effectively. 
Offering over 3+ years of experience across Recruitment process for Qualified Professionals as HR 
Executive .Currently spearheading as a Conference Manager, Cenetri Publishing Group, USA. Driven by high energy levels and technical competence I am confident of making visible contribution to company s growth and profitability objectives. 
A tour through my enclosed resume shall take you through the details and I am confident, in my credentials you would find a perfect fit for the said job. Thanks for sharing your time. 
I would appreciate the chance to meet with you in person to discuss as to how I could be a vital part of your organization. 
HIGH IMPACT PROFESSIONAL 
Conference Management ~ Event Coordinator ~ HR Recruiter ~ Executive Assistant ~ Special Events Coordinator ~ Program Coordinator 
Seeking Lead positions with challenging responsibilities to manage and Manage events in the progressive organization which utilizes my skills and experience for the mutual benefit of the organization and myself 
Industry Preference: Conferences or Event organising groups, Hotels, Companies, Anywhere in Dubai and UAE 
Catalyst in Driving Strategic Planning, Proactive personal assistant demonstrating excellent interpersonal skills, high level of confidentiality, and fashionable, polished and representative quality style. Other notable skills include Reliable, Organized, Self- 
Disciplined, Dependable, Motivated, Excellent grammar and writing skills (MS proficient), Ability to supervise and delegate 
PROFILE SUMMARY 
Professional and Significant experience in performing creative and effective event operations, working in fast pace environments where professional organizational skills are used to handle staff, customers, contractors, budgeting and financial aspects of special events. 
Demonstrated Expertise and Good experience in Managing and developing a strategic plan of action to ensure that the cost of the event remains under the pre-determined budget. 
Strong leader in Training new and existing staff prior to the event so that all operations and duties were executed smoothly and as per clients guidelines. 
An effective communicator with excellent relationship management skills and strong analytical, leadership, decision-making, problem solving & organizational abilities. 
CORE COMPETENCIES 
Ability to diffuse an explosive situation Active exploration and listening skills that translate into critical knowledge Understanding and exceeding client goals Plan and execute events so that guest enjoy being at the event Follow through Have a critical eye for details (before, during and after the event) Ability to train and retain great staff calm under pressure and capable of thinking on their feet in a crisis 
WORK EXPERIENCE Experience in VRP HR Solutions employment 
Employer: VRP HR Solutions 
Designation: Recruitment Executive 
Carrying out recruitments by utilizing various sourcing method like Web portals (i.e.Naukri,Monster,Times Jobs) Referring internal database, employee referrals etc.for Screening & short-listing candidates profile as per the requirements of clients. 
Co-ordinating with candidates for interview & conducting telephonic interview before short listing candidates. 
Interacting with candidate, doing initial screening. Understanding their competencies & skill sets, making them understand job role. 
Providing complete, accurate, and inspiring information to candidates about the company and position. 
Preparing candidates for interviewing with the clients by providing detailed information about business strategy, job descriptions, and expectation. 
Arranging for personal interview on short listing, having good co-ordination with the client arranging the final interview. 
Co-ordinating with the company and with candidates after company selects the candidate. 
Performing detailed reference checking and/or reference analysis on selected candidates and reviews results with clients. 
Maintaining daily/ weekly/monthly reports such as interview status reports, closure reports & feedback. 
Employer: VRP HR Solutions 
Designation: Recruitment Executive cum Executive Assistant 
Assessed executives needs and requirements, formulated action plans to achieve them. 
Efficiently managed all important telephone calls Collected and sorted mail, screened and initiated telephone calls. 
Maintained daily tasks list 
Arranged meetings and made appointment with individuals on a priority basis. 
Prepared reports and documents Handled all the documentation work. 
Conducted market research and prepared presentations. 
Planned and supervised all personal travel arrangements including: Air travel, ground transportation and accommodations. 
Planned the time table schedule of business, personal and weekend events. 
Collaborated with key management personnel to assist in arrangement of special events. 
Experience in Cenetri Publishing Group employment 
Employer: Cenetri Publishing Group 
Designation: Conference Manger (Event Coordinator) 
Conducted research to identify new opportunities for bringing about innovation in events. 
Discussed specific requirements and expectations concerning the event with clients. 
Managed and developed a strategic plan of action to ensure that the cost of the event remains under the pre-determined budget. 
Searched and negotiated suitable venues or locations as per the requirement and budgetary constraints of client. 
Carried out all the functions as per legal guidelines and regulations. 
Worked on determining a suitable layout and theme for the event as per client specifications. 
Facilitated communication with professionals, including venue management, stand designers, caterers, contractors and equipment rentals to ensure efficient running of an event. 
Trained new and existing staff prior to the event so that all operations and duties were executed smoothly and as per client guidelines 
ACADEMIC DETAILS . 
Post-Graduation/ 
Graduation 
University / Board 
College / School % 
MBA 
GITAM Institute Of Management 
GITAM University 6.92 (CGPA) Integrated 
M.Sc 
Biotechnology 
GITAM Institute Of Sciences 
GITAM University 8.30 (CGPA) 
H.S.C 
Vikas College 
Vishakapatnam 
Intermediate Public 
Examination 81.0 S.S.C 
Visakhavalley School , Vishakapatnam 
Central Board For Secondary 
Education (CBSE) 60.0 PERSONAL DETAILS 
Address: 
Dr.no.55-14-108/2, 
Seethamamadhra P&T colony, Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh| 530013| INDIA. 
Passport No: G2611809 
Languages Known: 
British English, Hindi and Telugu 
Thanking you in anticipation. 
Yours Sincerely, T. PADMAVATHI 
