ANEEL SANAMPUDI 
Creative Designer & Graphic Designer 
Nov, 2011 WORKING SINCE 
Hyderabad 
CURRENT CITY +91 9704937543 MOBILE aneelsanampudi @gmail.com 
MAIL 
Graphic Designer 
ROLE QUELABS Ltd 
COMPANY #nodejs 
#express #php 
#laravel 
#zend 
#magento 
#carts 
#redis #async 
#pubsub 
#memcache 
#paymentgateway 
#mysql 
#riak #mongodb 
#boostrap 
#backbone 
#underscore 
#lodash 
#knockout #mvc 
#nginx 
#openresty 
#websockets 
#wss 
#socketio 
#webrtc #tcp-sockets 
#udp-sockets 
#dtls 
#srtp 
#sip 
#xmpp 
#html5 
#canvas 
#svg 
#css3 #jquery 
#ecma6 
#chrome-extensions #http 
#bgp 
#hsrp 
#dns 
#hashoverload 
#ishouldstopnow Managed full creative teams and multiple partners/vendors; responsible for all budgeting and scheduling of client.Supervised new business e orts, outreach and implementation.Worked closely with Purchasing and Sales Department Directors, Worked closely with Purchasing and Sales 
Department Directors.Maintained authenticity of brand with campaigns that moved consumers to action.Designed and directed trade and consumer advertising campaigns.Developed, maintained and updated all corporate communicationsCreated new consumer packaging for all ve proprietary brands.Championed developmental e orts for new products and line extensions.Led all creative e orts for more than a decade, managing the design team in support of major Consumer Package Goods manufacturer in the grocery retail space. Worked closely with agency leadership to develop retainer relationship, communicate with client, and grow business. 
Since the beginning of my journey in the IT industry, I ve had a clear and focused goal - to learn as much as I can, keep pushing myself, and make things that I can take pride in. Which is why I don t limit myself as a programmer, designer, or any other resource having a speci ed skillset. 
I ve learnt everything I know on the job, product pricing & positioning, marketing, and recently, ad campaigns. Where people normally see challenges, I see opportunities. 
I have big dreams. It s that simple. I see all these ideas and potential in me and I just want to try and live upto it. I don t have a fancy degree or a brand s recognition on my resume, but I have the desire, the ambition, the right work ethic & the talent to be good in what I do. 
Ideally, I d like to be working on a great product and adding value with my creativity, marketing ideas and technical knowledge. Or I may decide to take the pledge and startup with one of my ideas and try to change the world, one step at a time. 
PRODUCT DESIGN 
Corporate Design 
Creative Collocation internal brand engagement ideas 
STARTUP IDEAS ILLUSTRATION PRINT BRANDING COPY WRITING BRAND PLANNING PROCESS competitor analysis 
STRATEGIC THINKING 
Idea Generation 
Creative Development 
RESEARCH AND LEARN 
Excellent Presentational Skills. 
Branding & Identity 
Corporate Branding 
Social Media Strategy 
B2B MARKETING 
E commerce NEWLEARNING 
Ps 
PHOTOSHOP 
Ai 
ILLUSTRATOR 
Id 
INDESIGN 
Ae 
AFTEREFFECTS APPLE IOS ANDROID TYPOGRAPHY 
T 
MATERIALFLAT DESIGN MINIMAL LAYERS BLUR AM I A PROGRAMMER OR A DESIGNER? WHERE DO I SEE MYSELF AFTER A FEW YEARS? 
Want more information? Feel free to contact me and we ll discuss the details 
:) anilsamanthapudi@gmail.com 
I manage the entire creative department giving them direction on current market trends. My key role is to bridge the gap between creativity and strategy as much as possible. I started my career as a designer so thinking visually comes easy to me hence I'm able to lift a brand from it's conception stage to any given vertical. I direct and deliver branding ideas, design concepts, still and motion shoots, visual merchandising, media plan according to the brand's need and most importantly the brand's budget. 
Meeting clients to discuss their needs, objectives and budgets.Designing and creating a wide variety of graphic art and promotional material. Producing designs for both internal and external communications.Involving customers in the design process.Creating integrated design projects across both online and o ine outputs.Developing design briefs.Explaining design concepts and ideas to clients and colleagues.Coordinating multiple publishing projects.Commissioning illustrators and photographers.Providing graphical support for Blogs, websites and social media.Working on presentations, lea ets, trade-marks, marketing materials and banner designs.Producing accurate and high-quality design work. 9 10 9 10 8 6 8 7 5 5 9 9 8 6 8 9 10 9 9 9 5 5 A creative strategy de nes the important strategic choices required to develop a marketing message. The creative strategy (often called a copy or advertising strategy) de nes what you will say about your product or service. It explains how you want consumers to think about your Brand. 
Create, manage, and grow the company s presence through blogs, Twitter, Facebook, and other strategically relevant online properties. 
Day-to-day management of social media accounts. 
QUELABS TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD 
Creative Strategy social media marketing strategy 
DESIGNED AND DEVELOPED ONE OF THE WORLD S FIRST 
WEBRTC TELEPHONY CLIENT WITHIN A CHROME EXTENSION. 
SelfCare is an online management interface for customers to manage Food services. We design and build it tastefully and beautifully as it represents our commitment towards customers. 
It has been completely redesigned every year from the last 4 years, in an attempt to provide the latest User Experience and engagement to our customers. 
(SM) is an Admin Portal designed to take care of Operations, Accounting, Network & Server Monitoring, Vendor Management, and all other components required to make a service tick. 
UX/UI, CLIENT-SIDE & SERVER-SIVE WEB DEV UX/UI, CLIENT-SIDE & SERVER-SIVE WEB DEV 
Analyze how our brand is positioned in the market andcrystalize targeted consumers insights.Translate brand strategies into brand plans, brand positioning and go-to-market strategies.Lead creative develop- ment and create motivating stimulus to get targeted population to take action . have an instinctive feeling about future product concepts. 
have good analytical skills. Following market trends and presenting creative ideas.Analyzing data to report on brand growth.Familiarity with the latest trends, technologies and methodologies in graphic design, web design, production, etc. Ability to think creatively and innovatively. Brand Development And Strategy planning 
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY QUELABS TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD JAN 2015 To 2017 MAR - PRESENT 
| 
http://www.quelabs.in/ 
PORTFOLIO / PROFILE http://anildesigning.blogspot.in linkedin.com/in/aneel-sanampudi-81556a13b 
COLLEGE 2004-2007: 
Graduation in Bachelor of Commerce From acharya nagarjuna university. 
Board of intermediate in 2002-2004. 
Board of intermediate M.E.C. from Narayana Junior College, Vijayawada. 
IDEAS FOOTBALL FOOD SPEED SPRINTING ADRENALINE STYLE READ 
Thanks for taking out the time and going through my pro le. If you want more information or want to hire me for a project, feel free to contact me. I m always up for a chat :) Arena Animation Multimedia Institute 
2007-2011 Diploma in Multimedia (Web Graphic Designer and Web Developer and Visualizer) 
