 MOHAMMED MUZAFFER UDDIN HYDERABAD, INDIA, H: 919160709345, UAE C: 0501962029, E-MAIL mohd.muzafferuddin@gmail.com 
Summary 
I am a self-motivated highly energetic person who has more than 8 years of experience in the field of HR, Sales & Marketing, Call Center, FMCG and Business Development. I am an individual who is skilled in all phases of Corporate Business operations. 
I wish to associate with an esteemed organization and contribute to the growth of a professionally managed services corporation in Sales and Marketing, Customer service or personal relations role in order to acquire higher skillsets. I believe my skills and enterprise, coupled with my dynamism and out-of-the-box thinking as well as my fast-learning abilities equips me to attain these goals. 
Key Skills 
Product Training Process Development 
Corporate Sales 
Operational analysis 
Business Development Coordination with multiple teams Technical plan Execution Team player 
Professional synopsis BDE and HR Coordinator Feb 2016 to till date Orbit staffing Innovision. As BDE and HR coordinator. 
To be part of the Talent Team and take responsibility for the day to day administration of the department and diary of Group events To be the main point of contact for general HR enquiries from both internal and external customers, referring queries where necessary to the appropriate member of the team. 
Assist with the smooth induction of new staff: 
communicate details of new employees to appropriate colleagues to ensure facilities. 
make the necessary arrangements for new employees to attend induction training update structure charts. 
To manage the probationary reports, issuing probationary guidance, making sure probationary Reports are prepared by managers by the appropriate date and returned to the Talent Team accordingly. To identify reports which are unsatisfactory and bring these to the attention of the relevant manager Complete operational requirements by scheduling and assigning administrative projects; expediting work results. 
Managing and recording of sickness absence records including one to ones with returning staff. 
To be responsible for inputting absence and leave of absence forms, chasing any outstanding forms and querying missing information. In addition to be responsible for ensuring absences are covered by statements of fitness for work as appropriate. To be responsible for the leaver process, including: 
leaving correspondence Leaver emails calculating outstanding annual leave completing the leaver form for payroll exit questionnaires Monitor and record information contained on exit questionnaires, and any issues on the questionnaire are raised with the relevant manager and Talent Team updating structure charts Supporting the Managers within the group in terms of correct procedures and policies Managing and updating all HR Policies and Procedures and departmental compliant systems and processes 
To assist with training and development administration, including keeping records of staff attending training, forwarding appropriate joining instructions and keeping training records as up to date as appropriate. 
Responsible for the new starter process, including setting up new starters, CRB checks credit checks and ensuring all details are accurately recorded, such as qualifications, reference checks etc. 
Responsible for meeting and greeting interview candidates, informing the candidates of the outcome of the task and if applicable scheduling them for an interview. 
Communicate details of new employees to appropriate colleagues to ensure facilities and equipment are readily available upon commencement of employment. 
Baharat Enterprises Services (Pvt Ltd) as an Administrative head. 
Worked from Nov12 to To 20th Feb 2016 
Handling entire accounts and expenditure for local. 
Monitor and review accounting and related system reports for accuracy and completeness Explain billing invoices and accounting policies to staff, vendors and clients. 
Handling the sale and purchase invoices and petty cash book Responsible for purchase orders 
Raising of purchase orders and invoice tracking. 
Responsibility cash inward and outward for deposits. 
Establish, maintain, and coordinate the implementation of accounting and accounting control procedures. 
Interact with internal and external auditors in completing audits. 
Handling the attendance records of employees and their supply vehicle 
Supervising the work of office juniors and assigning work for them Monitoring inventory, office stock and ordering supplies as necessary Setting up and coordinating meetings and conferences Other duties as assigned. 
3. 
I Process Service India Pvt Ltd (Unit of ICICI Bank Ltd.) as Team Lead. 
Worked from 13 July 09 to 31 august 10 
Handling the entire customers from 61 - 90 days. 
Responsible for the entire agencies collections and achieving the given targets. 
Controlling entire collection process of Bucket 
Handling Customer related queries and coordinating with Superiors, Legal department and resolving customer related issues. 
Conducting reviews and initiating necessary actions wherever it is required Handling the deposition of Daily Collection of Cash & Cheques to the branch. 
Conducting training sessions with the team by discussing different ideas in skip tracing activities and controlling the flow percentage Western Connections as a Sr.Customer Care Executive. Worked from August 2007 to May 2009 Handling the entire customers of my portfolio Responsible for the entire data collections and achieving the given targets. 
Controlling entire business session for the customers through online services and providing personal service from the bank. 
Handling Customer related queries and coordinating with Superiors, finance department and resolving Providing loan details through e-mail by coordinating with multiple financial institutions and closing the deal. 
5. Surge intelligence system as a Customer Care Executive Worked from April 2005 to June 2007 
Handling the entire customers of my portfolio 
Responsible for the entire data collections and achieving the given targets. 
Controlling DEMO session for the customers through online as per customer requirement software course. 
Handling Customer related queries and coordinating with Superiors, teaching faculty and resolving customer related issues. 
Conducting reviews and initiating necessary actions wherever it is required Computer and Technical Literacy 
Very Good with Windows OSs 
Good with MS Office Complete Hardware and Software concepts Academic Qualification QUALIFICATION BOARD/UNIVERSITY PERCENTAGE 
Master of Business Management 
(finance) ISBM, Hyderabad 72% 
B.Com (Distance education) kalinnga university 62% SSC Raghava high school 55% Personal Profile 
Full Name : Mohd. Muzaffer Uddin 
Date of Birth : 23rd March 1984 Place of birth : Hyderabad 
Religion : Islam 
Marital Status : Married 
Languages Known : Urdu, English, Hindi and Telugu 
Nationality : Indian 
Passport Number : M2370192 
Visa Status 
: Residence visa I hereby declare that the above information is true and correct to my knowledge. 
Date: 
Place: Hyderabad. 
(MOHAMMED. MUZAFFERUDDIN) 
