Ashvith B L 
Mobile | 9686100878 
Email | ashvithrai07@gmail.com 
Career Objectives 
To be a Successful professional in a Globally Respected Company and to achieve the objectives of the company with Honesty and Fairness and to Continuously Upgrade My Knowledge and Skills. 
Profile Summary 1.5 Years of experience in area of Web Development, Design & Maintenance of websites using PHP technologies. 
Skilled in client side web technologies like HTML, CSS, JS, Bootstrap. 
Excellent knowledge in relational databases. 
Developed dynamic and interactive websites and User Experience. 
Good in managing time and organizing tasks Career oriented, hard working and ability to handle multiple tasks Quick learner and ability to learn new concepts 
Professional Experience 
1. Web development (freelancer) 
Period: Dec 2016 - Present 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Worked on Creating a Complete Website for the client. 
Languages used for Front-End : 
HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, JavaScript, jQuery. 
Languages used for Back-End : 
PHP. 
Projects: I) Green Irrigations (www.greenirrigations.com) 
Description: Green Irrigation is a commercial Landscape architect & Gardening design Company in Bangalore 
II) Ever Green (www.evergreenstay.com) 
Description: Ever Green is HomeStay located in coorg provided with advanced booking. 
III) CoorgTravels (www.greenirrigations.com/Project_2/home.html) 
Description: CoorgTravels(In Process) Provides advanced booking system to the Taxi Cab in Kushalnagar coorg. 
2. EmQos Embedded Engineering Pvt.Ltd. (CivicSmart) (www.emqos.com) 
Designation: Technical Team Member. 
Period: Feb 2016 Dec -2016 Roles and Responsibilities: 
Involved in managing and updating the website 
Involved in developing parking related application. 
Involved in building SQL queries to extract data from different databases. 
Helping the team in developing excel based reports. 
Project 1: Parking Management System (PMS) 
Description: PMS is amid to be a good easy to use and manage web based Parking management system. It will include all possible features that a web application can have like web portal. It will have good administration features. 
Skills & Tools: PHP, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript. 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Involved in Development of PHP pages & DB queries for application. 
Performing the Create Read Update Delete (CRUD) actions to the navigation bar and to the content in Pages. 
Providing the Visibility and the Position of Navigation to the end users. 
Create and Edit system users which have different permission levels. 
3. Wire Delta Pvt.Ltd (Internship). 
Designation: Trainee Back-end team. 
Period: Aug 2015 Dec-2015 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
4 Months of Internship in HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery and node.JS at WIRE DELTA 
Web Development pvt.ltd. 
Developing Server Side Script using PHP and node.JS. 
Using MySQL, MongoDB to create tables, views, inserting data etc. 
Educational Qualification: 
Qualification. College. Year Percentage. 
BE(cse) Government Engineering 
College, Kushalnagar. 2015 59.33% XII class Vivekananda PU college, Kushalnagar. 2011 60.0% X class Fathima High School, ,Kushalnagar 2009 78.08% 
Skills: 
Languages / Scripts : C, C+, JavaScript, jQuery, PHP 
Technologies : HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Laravel, XAMPP 
Application Software : MS Office. 
Database : SQL, MYSQL. 
Operating System 
: Windows. 
Academic Project: 
BE Final Year Project: MOBILE HEALTH CARE SYSTEM 
In this project we present several techniques that can be used to monitor patients efficiently and enhance functionality and confidentiality, we designed specifically for Hospital Management. 
Duration: 6 months. 
Technologies used: JAVA, JSP, MS-SQL, HTML, CSS. 
Personal Skills: 
Comprehensive problem solving Abilities. 
Excellent Verbal and Communication Skills. 
I am self confident and can mould myself into any work Environments. 
Personal Profile: 
NAME : 
Ashvith b l 
DATE OF BIRTH : 07th June, 1993. FATHER S NAME 
: 
Leeladhara b 
NATIONALITY : Indian. GENDER : 
Male. 
LANGUAGES KNOWN : English, Kannada & Hindi. HOBBIES 
: News paper reading, net browsing, listening music, Playing & Watching Football. ADDRESS : #34, 3rd cross, Basweshwara extension, 
Kushalnagar 571234, Kodagu district. Karnataka. 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that above furnished particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Date: Place: Kushalnagar 
(Ashvith b l) 
