 RAMAN KUMAR SINHA 
House No.-515, Sector-10A, Gurgaon | Mob: - +91 9871437021 | E-mail ID: - rksinha_68@yahoo.com 
https://in.linkedin.com/in/raman-sinha | ID: - rksinha.68 
Thorough IT professional with extensive exposure in IT Infrastructure Management, Networking and System/Server 
Administration 
CAREER OVERVIEW: ITIL, PRINCE2, CSCU certified professional with over 18 years of experience in IT infrastructure management, network operations, and server maintenance and system administration. 
Experienced in designing infrastructure and implementing technology to support large user groups, supporting users at corporate as well as multiple remote locations. 
Skilled at analyzing information system needs, evaluating end-user requirements, custom designing solutions, 
troubleshooting for complex information systems management. 
Understanding of networking concepts pertaining IT communication, virtualization, storage, networking, Linux/Windows server and maintenance in multi-platform environments. 
Proven skills in handling Infrastructure management tools such as ITIL and ALIM. 
An effective communicator with exceptional relationship management skills with the ability to relate to people at any level of business/management & significant experience working with steering committees. 
CORE COMPETENCIES INCLUDE 
Project Management Corporate Presentations Systems Administration 
Infrastructure Management 
IT Security Risk Management Storage 
Installation/ Configuration Peripherals Management 
Networking LAN/ WAN Management 
Data Centre Management 
Disaster Recovery & Planning 
Network Traffic Management Asset Management 
Statutory Compliance Technical Support 
Troubleshooting Maximum Network Uptime 
Training & Development Team Management CAREER FEATURES 
April 2016 with Inspired Technologies Pvt. Ltd, Delhi as Consultant IT- Infrastructure 
Preparing IT infrastructure strategy & management Managing an IT budget according to company requirement Implementation & procurement of Microsoft/Adobe licenses as per company interest Implementation, installation, configuration and administration of Windows, Linux, VMware June 2013 March 16 with Softage Information Technology Limited, Gurgaon as IT Manager - Infrastructure 
Leading the entire gamut of IT infrastructure management, while leading a team of 100 people. 
Managing an IT budget of INR 4Cr, and ensuring appropriate IT support to the end users and branch offices. 
Administering a network of 80 vendors and managing procurement of Microsoft/Adobe licenses while bringing down the purchase cost by 25%. 
Evaluating the network and server performance and recommending solutions for improved performance. 
Working on several critical servers and overall network, applying necessary recommendations for additional resources of hardware Major role in identifying and resolving hardware, software, and communication failures issues. 
Overseeing designing, installation, configuration and administration of: 
o Microsoft Active Directory on Windows 2012 and managed with group policies. 
o ADC/Child/Member server creation with Windows 2012 on multiple remote location o VMware ESX ,VSphere 5.0 Server implementation and configuration on enterprise level o Desktop virtualization, Virtual machine on Windows 2012 with Hyper-V, o SQL Clustering 2012/2014 with 4 node clustering on windows 2012 with always on 
o Disaster Recovery Implementation at remote locations with scheduled backup implementation o MPLS VPN monitoring June 12 
May 13 with Manupatra Information Solutions Private Limited, Noida as IT Manager - Infrastructure 
Leading the entire gamut of IT infrastructure management, while leading a team of 15 people. 
Managing an IT budget of INR 50 lacs, and ensuring appropriate IT support to the end users and branch offices. 
Administering a network of 25 vendors and managing procurement of Microsoft licenses while bringing down the purchase cost by 10%. 
Evaluating the network and server performance and recommending solutions for improved performance. 
Working on several critical servers and overall network, applying necessary recommendations for additional resources of hardware Overseeing designing, installation, configuration and administration of: 
o Microsoft active directory and managed with group policies on Windows 2008/2012 
o Server & desktop virtualization using Hyper-V and VMware technology 
Sep 05 June 12 with Koutons Retail India Limited, Gurgaon as I.T. Manager Headed the complete infrastructure management, networking and system administration activities, while leading a team of 25 people and managed an IT budget of INR 1 Crores. 
Actively involved in: 
o Handling a network of 4000 members and brought down the license purchase cost by 25% 
o Providing best support to end users, and additionally responsible for handling vendor management o Performing day-to-day backup task with VERITAS, Symantec Backup Exec 2012, arc serve backup and net backup on different tape formats such as DAT/DLT/LTO/ULTRIUM/Autoloader 
Worked on and completed installation, configuration of: 
o Web servers, IIS,DNS,DHCP, RAS, HTTP, FTP, POP3,VPN, WSUS on Windows 2008/2012 o Microsoft Active Directory with group policies on Windows and Linux server o Server and desktop virtualization using VMware ESX 3.5 & 4.1/vSphere 4.1/5.0 server 
o ERP (Ramco/Vesture) applications and packages or third party software on Thin client o Mail server using post master/send mail on Linux (Fedora) server Oversaw the complete IT security for corporate Anti-virus like Norton, MacAfee and CA functions including: 
o Introducing new technologies tools, latest security patches, antivirus patches , policies and procedures o Handled SonicWALL 5060, Fortigate 80C, Cisco ASA 5505 (security permission and access rules) 
PAST ENGAGEMENTS 
Sep 99 Aug 05 Micro Clinic India Pvt. Ltd, Delhi as Territory Manager 
Jan 94 Aug 99 Astron InfoTech Pvt. Limited, Mumbai as Customer Support Engineer TECHNOLOGIES 
Server and Desktop: IBM X Series Servers, HP Compaq ML/DL/Itanium Series, IBM, HP Compaq, Dell, Acer, Zenith 
Operating System: Windows 7/8/8.1/10, Windows 2008/2012/2016 Servers, Linux server, UNIX server. 
Administration: Windows 2003/2008/2012 Server, Managing Resources & Administering Active Directory Forest & Tree, Disk Management, Configuring RAID, Group Policies, MMC, Routing & Remote Access, Terminal Services. 
Protocols: TCP/IP, IPX/SPX, RIP, PPP, SNMP, SMTP, POP3, FTP, DHCP, IPSec, NetBuei. 
Internet Tools: 
Internet Explorer, Mozilla, GoogleChorme, Mail Server, and IIS/Web Server. 
Network 
Devices: Repeaters, Manageable Cisco Switches and Cisco Routers 
Additional: TS web/Citrix Server 4.0 Installation and Configuration. 
EDUCATION 
1994 B.E (Computer Technology) from Nagpur University 
1995 Advance Diploma in Computer Hardware & Networking from MICAT 
CERTIFICATION: ITIL 
Foundation Certificate in IT Service Management 
ITIL 
Service Operation Certificate 
PRINCE2 
Practitioner Certificate in Project Management 
PRINCE2 
Foundation Certificate in Project Management 
CSCU v2 (Certified Secure Computer User) 
MCSP (Microsoft Certified System Professional) 
MCSE (Microsoft Certified System Engineer) 
CCNA (Cisco Certified Network Associates) 
