 RESUME Aneesh Joseph 
Ollattupurath (H) Vattathuvayal, Vaduvanchal (PO) 
Wayanad, Kerala 673581- India 
Ph.:- +91 9544018248, 04936-218091 E-Mail:- anianeesh.joseph16@gmail.com Objective 
To build career as a Professional Finance analyst where I can impart all my knowledge and skills that I have learned and experienced for the development of company. 
Seeking a challenging career, where creativity and skills will be utilized professionally and to invest my inherent talent to obtain a position which allows me to make use of all my skills. 
Professional Experience 
Executive Finance, Aster DM Wayanad Institute of Medical Science (Hospital and Medical 
College) Wayanad From January 2013 to still continue. 
Responsibilities: 
Preparation on Monthly Income and Expenditure A/c and Comparison with budget. 
Weekly Fund Flow preparation. 
Preparation of all reports relating to revenue e.g. MIS and P&L Ensure Proper Accounting of Income & Expenditure to Appropriate Account Head. 
Daily Fund Analysis and planning. 
Verifying and correcting salary statement and Monitoring payment to Employees through bank Liaising with auditors to ensure annual monitoring is carried out. 
Aging analysis of sundry debtors 
Monitoring Cash flow and bank reconciliation. 
Department wise profit & loss account preparation and monitoring. 
Monitoring Reconciliation of sundry Creditor and Debtors ledger accounts. 
Close Supervision and give proper guides to Subordinates. 
Monitoring revenue and expenses. 
Authorizing all vouchers relating cash in hand. 
Conducting Internal Audit. 
Developing external relationships with appropriate contacts, e.g. auditors, solicitors and bankers. 
Answer Enquiries and provide data for bank, auditors, Suppliers Etc., with the approval of Management. 
Reconciliation of TDS receivables. 
Academic Profiles:- M.com from Calicut University result waiting. 
Bachelor of Degree in Computer Application from Calicut University in 2008 2011 Plus two in Commerce in the year 2006-2008 Primary Education in the year 2006 Key Skill and Competencies 
Knowledge of MIS Reports. 
Knowledge of Financial Accounting. 
Experience of Microsoft Excel and Tally. 
Experience in managing large quantities of data Highly organized, proactive, hardworking, focused, & have attention to detail. 
Positive attitude for learning in new area and task. 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Father s Name : OM Joseph 
Age, Date of birth : 26, 13th January 1991 
Sex 
: Male 
Marital Status : Single 
Nationality : Indian 
Hobbies : Driving and Listening music. 
Passport No. and Expiry Date : M7748385, 29th March 2025 DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that the above furnished fact and information are true of my best knowledge and belief. 
Place : Vaduvanchal 
Aneesh Joseph 
