Nikkia West 
Clerical, Office work, Assistant Property Manager, Real Estate Office, 10+Years HealthCare Experience 
Houston, TX 77094 nikkiawest84@outlook.com - 832-297-9442 Hello, and thank you for taking your time to review my profile! I am an ambitious, hard working, with a winning can-do attitude. I am available to start IMMEDIATELY! I'm currently studying Texas real estate, studying at the top TREC recommended school, and have an "A" average. I will be completed in one month (before June). 
I have more than 10 years of exceptional medical customer service experience in one of the most highly regulated industries in the world. I am currently studying Texas real estate, have completed the Florida real estate pre licensing course. Real estate is my future, and I am willing, able, and ready to get to work, and serve in this industry. A dedicated team player, and fast learner, I possess strong time management and prioritization skills. I work well under pressure, and love to be as productive as possible, providing only top quality service in the process. I am extremely computer literate, and proficient in Microsoft Word, Excel, Powerpoint, Outlook, search engines, office hardware such as fax, printer, copier, etc.. I am able to type 95+ wpm, and have used computers on a nearly daily basis for 20 years. I am friendly, professional, educated, and willing to go the extra mile for the greater good of the company, co workers, and the client. I am a dependable, give 110% type worker, love to encourage those around me, am well dressed, conscious and observant of individual needs and expectations, and am naturally very friendly! My brother in law is a real estate attorney, and my extended family manages and owns roughly 1,000 units primarily in Illinois and Alabama. My grandfather and uncles made their living in real estate, and I've always been business minded, and fascinated by homes and the industry in general. I sincerely thank you for taking your time to review my application for employment with this fine company, and wish you and the company the very best now and in the years to come! 
Willing to relocate to: Houston, TX 
Authorized to work in the US for any employer 
WORK EXPERIENCE CNA - Certified Nursing Assistant 
Visiting Angels Nursing Agency - 
Tarpon Springs, FL - November 2014 to March 2017 Responsibilities 
Customer service care for clients to the absolute best of my ability. 
Certified Nurses Assistant 
HCR Manor Care - Palm Harbor, FL - August 2013 to November 2013 34684 
Assisted with patient transfer and ambulation. 
Maintained sanitary residents' and program rooms. 
Followed safe lifting techniques and individual resident lifting instructions. 
Assisted in cleansing enemas, catheterization and bladder irrigations. 
Answered patient calls for care and feeding. 
Certified Nurses Assistant 
John Knox Health and Rehabilitation - Tampa, FL - October 2011 to July 2013 33613 Maintained accurate records of patient care, condition, progress and concerns. 
Monitored vital signs, such as blood pressure and pulse. 
Responded appropriately to the physical, emotional and developmental needs of patients. 
Provided pre- and post-operative care. 
Assisted patients with bathing, oral hygiene, grooming, feeding and elimination. 
Helped patients move in and out of beds, baths, wheelchairs and automobiles. 
Maintained a clean, healthy and safe environment. 
Member in good standing with Nurse Aide Registry. 
Certified Nurses Assistant 
Hawthorne Health and Rehabilitation Center - Brandon, FL - May 2010 to September 2011 33511 
Cared for clients with diagnoses such as respiratory failure, diabetes, Parkinson's disease, various forms of dementia, post operative care, cancer, and rehabilitation. 
Assisted nurses with wound care for pressure ulcers, bed sores, and surgical site wounds. 
Supported diagnostic procedures, assisted with technical nursing treatments and entered information in patient records and charts. 
Reported any unusual circumstances in the patients' condition or environment. 
Provided a comforting and soothing environment. 
Certified Nurses Assistant 
Lakeland Hills Health and Rehabilitation Ctr - Lakeland, FL - July 2004 to August 2009 33805 Collected patient specimens and data, including vital signs, input/output and other delegated measurements. 
Helped residents programming goals and increase their independence. 
Answered call lights and aided in patient comfort and safety by adjusting beds, lights, bed rails, pillows, patients' clothing and bedside tables/equipment. 
Performed direct patient care aimed at increasing comfort, psychosocial and spiritual well-being by providing assistance with personal hygiene, physical comfort, nutrition, elimination, prevention of skin breakdown, rehabilitation and safety. 
EDUCATION 
Completed Real Estate Sales Associate Pre-Licensing in Real Estate Sales 
All Florida School of Real Estate - Sarasota, FL 
March 2017 to March 2017 
Took classes between work in Political Science and Government 
St Petersburg College - Tarpon Springs, FL 
January 2014 to May 2014 Studied for Associate of Science in Political Science & Government 
Valencia Community College - Kissimmee, FL 
2002 to 2003 
Honors Diploma in 4-year HS Diploma 
Bartow Senior High School - Bartow, FL 
August 1998 to May 2002 C.N.A. Certification in Nurses Assistant (Taught by BSN Mrs. Joan Waters) 
Travis Technical College (Nationally Accredited) - Lakeland, FL 
2002 to 2002 SKILLS 
American Heart Assoc. BLS Certification Studied Spanish language in middle school, 3 years in high school, and 2 semesters in college. 
Extensive knowledge and experience of Alzheimers and various forms of dementia. 
I provide patient-focused, compassionate care and literate in advanced medical terminology. 
Efficient, educated, hardworking, and reliable team player 
I come from a family of RNs with more than 150 years combined experience. 
I pay excellent attention to detail, have a healthy, professional reverence and respect for all clients and family members. 
I conduct myself in a professional manner, including dress, language, and overall appearance. 
Clean level I and II background checks completed. 
I aim to please, and am open to, and always looking for ways to improve and be more efficient in all areas of life. Familiar with EKG/ECG. 
I love caring for others, and love my job! (10+ years), Microsoft Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, 95+wpm 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Gifted student, Graduated with honors and extra credits, graduated with the highest GPA of graduating class of more than 200 in English IV. Studied the Spanish language more than 4 years, including Spanish I, II in college. BLS certified by American Heart Association through St. Josephs Hospital Tampa, Fl. CNA course taught by BSN nurse in Nationally Accredited Technical College. 
