Praveenkumar D. Dabhade () +91 9922223555 
dabhade.praveen@gmail.com Objective 
I am to align HR to business objectives and simultaneously addressing HR needs of employees. Moreover, go forward for broader assignments in Human Resources, optimally utilize my experience & knowledge and be a part of a work environment which offers me fresh challenges. 
Summary 
A result oriented and hands-on professional having over 9 years of comprehensive experience as HR Generalist with Recruitments in IT, BPO, multimedia, industry and expertise on Microsoft Azure cloud platform. 
Proven Experience of collaborating with Senior Management to conduct Human Resource Strategic Planning in order to Support and further Corporate Goals. 
Implements human resources programs to meet business and functional needs Coaches managers in routine performance and misconduct issues and provides resolution recommendations. Demonstrated experience in cost containment strategies resulting in significant savings. 
Excellent ability to address and implement strategic plans for talent acquisition, retention and succession planning. 
Expertise In 
HR Generalist Employee Career & Performance ManagementEmployee Engagement Policy Design & Administration Employee RelationsHR Analytics Compensation & BenefitsStatutory CompliancesIT Recruitments 
Achievements 
Improved employee compensation benefits and employee recognition programmes which helped substantially decrease employee turnover rate, especially voluntary attrition. 
Successfully implemented an effective Performance Management system for TriZetto employees which helped increase efficiency & also helped getting factual data which eventually zeroed down subjectivity during assessments. 
Successfully implemented feedback mechanisms which helped in identifying Bad Management practices of TLs & Line Managers, forecast turnover/exits & anticipate potential problems. This helped HR & Management take appropriate actions timely Have been successful in demonstrating of professional & commercial approach to HR, with the ability to deal with challenging individuals, deliver high employee satisfaction, appropriate development & reward for individuals. 
Introduced and independently conducted TriZetto Future Leaders Programme which turned out to be successful in developing capabilities of potential leaders and strengthening backup plan Reduced substantial recruitment cost & also have been a part of various recruitment drives & have the highest number of conversion ratios in TriZetto. 
Successfully implemented employee benefit programmes and incentive systems for employees in TriZetto. 
Designed salary structure as per statutory compliances for future 10 years for the BPO-BU in TriZetto. 
Instrumental in introducing IJP (Internal Job posting) and Performance based Incentive Programme at Karya Entertainment & TriZetto. 
Responsible in design & implementation of the Rewards & Recognition program for the entire organization in Solverlab Technologies. 
Automation and Quality Projects in TriZetto 
Lead to designed & implement automated HRMS project successfully (for payroll processing) for the current Organization during the year 2011-12. 
For the current Organization obtained the Certification of ISO 9001-2008 for the documentation process to HR department, successfully lead the Human Capital Management team during the year July 2012. 
In TriZetto two projects are under umbrella of six sigma Green Belt such as Employee Relation & Retention. 
Innovative low cost hiring mechanisms with hiring cost reduction, which are being handle by me. 
Awards HR Best Practices 
Excellent Performance in May 2012 in Human Resource for HR generalist role. 
Excellent Performance in July 2011 in Human Resource for HR generalist as well as IT recruitment role. 
Best Performance & Practices in Human Resource during the year 2008-2009. 
(Implements different innovative ideas for controlling attrition rate in IT Organizations.) 
ISO 9001:2008 (Completed one week training for IT Companies) in November 2009. 
Six Sigma Certified (Completed one day Six Sigma Yellow Belt training) in June 2007. 
01.07.2015 
till date 
PIS Technologies Pune 
AVP - Human Resources 
PIS Technologies Pune, is the IT and staffing Company with providing world class innovative HR and Finance softwares solutions to their clients. 
Handling a team size of 5 people (Including HR, Training and Administration department) Hands on Generalist and Recruitments : Best in class HR practices and processes, Recruitment, HR Generalist, Talent Acquisition, Talent Development & Retention, Performance Management, Competency Management and Development & Leadership Development Program, Cost and Productivity, Driving Rewards & Recognitions, Designed career frame works with salary band (grades & levels),Involved in major decisions for OD along with other functional heads, Responsible for driving HR processes as per ISO 9002 standard, Initiated & introduced various employee friendly ventures to curtail attrition. 
22.01.2015 
30.06.2015 Motifworks India Pvt. Ltd. Senior Manager Human Resources 
Motifworks is software Services Company with increasing focus on providing cloud solutions. It help companies plan their cloud strategy, migrate existing infrastructure to cloud, support and maintain cloud operations and develop applications for the cloud. Within the larger cloud market, they have more specific expertise on Microsoft Azure cloud platform. 
Hands on HR Strategic & Operations for Indian IT organizations : Best in class HR practices and processes, HR Generalist, Performance Management (Balance Score Card Approach), Policy Framing & implementation, Compensation & Benefits, Salary processing, HRIS, Recruitment, Training & Development, Employee Engagement with employee relation, Organizational Development with branding and administration. 
07.01.2013 
16.01.2015 
Karya Entertainment Pvt Ltd Manager Human Resources 
Karya Entertainment, with facilitated in Pune, which works as an extended arm to the core multimedia professional team in multimedia products in Information Technology. The teams includes Animators, Documentation Specialist, Visual effects Designer, Game designer etc. Majority to provide web and animated products to the corporate world. 
Talent Management 
Strategic HR Management 
In consultation with the Director and Core team members prepare and implement HR Plans to support the overall strategic aims. 
Talent Development 
Provide support to managers in the recruitment and selection of all employees. 
Develop overall recruitment Strategy & manpower planning periodically based on project requirements and company's changing business needs. 
Introduced a skills based development model that concentrates on identifying, measuring and improving the proficiency of core skills (Technical and Behavioural) of employees across all levels and divisions 
A - Technical skills development Created job descriptions of all roles, identified skills required to perform the responsibilities, defined and set skill proficiency level for each. 
Conducted a skill gap evaluation against the proficiency benchmark. 
Identified internal trainers and skill facilitators, streamlined training program and set a routine of events 
Set and monitored targets for frequency and quality of training programs. 
B - Behavioural skill development Created competencies based on job descriptions for each hierarchical levels; defined proficiency based on BARS methodology. Identified critical behaviours required for each the role/ job family and. 
Conducted introduction and orientation sessions with each level based towards the purpose and uses. 
Conducted competency gap assessments to monitor development. 
Introduced behavioural training programs based on Level Based Training methodology. 
Employee Relations 
Work closely with line managers and Directors, provide them with guidance, coaching and support on the HR activities (including policies and procedures, attrition management, performance management, redundancy planning etc.), and ensure a consistent and fair approach to people management Manage investigations, disciplinary and grievance issues. 
Design, Update, Implement and Manage HR policies tailored specific to the needs of the organization. Ensure the Employee Handbook & Induction kit & processes are comprehensive & remain updated. Make sure all information is accessible to employees and they are notified of changes, as they occur. 
Manage employee communication and feedback throughcore-team meetings, skip-level meetings, employeesatisfaction surveys, one-on-onemeetings, etc. 
Performance Management 
Devise performance goals/KRAs with measurable outcomes for Managers and their teams and work with the managers in tracking progress on attainment of goals. Also, ensure that necessary feedback is provided to employees time to time. 
Monitor and review the system of performance appraisal and continually develop as necessary, ensuring that annual appraisals are carried out in a timely manner and followed up. 
Design, implement and ensure successful execution of Reward and Recognition System. 
Employee Engagement 
Conceptualized and implemented various employee engagement initiatives, by leading and coordinating with the business heads and ensuring employee participation through rapport building. 
Processed timely organizational development interventions to effectively support and build team members capacity and commitment to perform in line with their work responsibilities. 
Reviewed and implemented various initiatives to create open channel of communication/ feedback between employees and top managementofficials through focus group interventions, 1x1 feedback, reviewer meetings and team building activities Compensation and Benefits 
Gather and analyze market data to measure the competitiveness of the organizations compensation and benefits package, and make recommendations as appropriate. 
Assist with the annual salary review process. 
Additional responsibilities 
Create, generate monthly HR Dashboard and analyse metrics relating to productivity, team mix, employee utilization, attrition, etc and make recommendations as appropriate to HODs and Management. 
Ensure headcount, cost and department expense control. 
Coaching & Mentoring the HR team members to equip them with requisite HR skills, thus enabling their career growth. 
Plan, direct and coordinate various Employee Engagement initiatives. 
Conduct HR orientation sessions, induction, policy awareness sessions. 
Ensure updation of employee skill inventory. Identify functional training needs for sustained improvement in performance. Plan, facilitate in-house training programs. 
Review and manage employee joining and exit processes and Leave and Attendance Management system. 
Responsible for executing social responsibility initiatives in the organization 
In consultation with the Director and Core team members, manage the implementation of HR systems and develop where necessary. 
04.10.2010 
07.09.2012 
TriZetto India Pvt. Ltd. Team Lead (Acting as Assistant Manager HR) 
The TriZetto Group, Inc., a premier healthcare solutions provider in the US, serves more than 500 health insurance payers, providers and benefits administrators. TriZetto Software as well as BPO is a fully owned Service Delivery Centre of the TriZetto Group and provides best-in-class business process and software services to the US health insurance sector. 
Worked as a Team Lead (Acting as Assistant Manager) handled a team of 12 Sr. Executives /Executives/Jr. Executives and Officers in HR department. Experience in the US healthcare Domain & also completed HIPPA awareness training. 
Talent Management 
Managing the Strategic HRM, Corporate Strategy & Policy Making Process 
Interfacing with Management and Heads of Departments for devising and implementing HR Policies & Procedures in line with core organisational vision & objectives. 
Generating broad based annual goals and plans for the HR Dept. 
Coordinating for implementing best practices in line with business goals of the organisation. 
Contributing to the corporate strategic agenda by promoting a culture of performance and development across the organisation. 
Management of Resources 
Leading the integration of activities and services across Human Resources to ensure that staff are effectively deployed, motivated and retained to deliver excellent service; the service comprises of: 
Corporate Strategic Decision, HR Policy Manual Formulation. 
HR Operations and Systems Implementation like Best Practices in Employee Grievance Redress Processes, and Disciplinary Proceedings. 
Performance Management System 
Formulating and implementing Increment, Incentive and other Remuneration Policies. 
Aligning SMART KRA's (Specific 
Measurable 
Achievable 
Realistic 
Timely) of Employees in line with business, function and role requirements & reviewing the same with Functional Heads. 
Developing a high performance service culture, continuously monitoring and improving systems and processes; forming & implementing robust performance management frameworks consistently across the service, ensuring that performance targets are achieved. 
Steering policies and initiatives for identifying high potential, high performing talent within the organization, while providing accelerated developmental work assignments and training opportunities. 
Managing online automated Performance Appraisal process across the levels and establishing framework for substantiating Bell Curve Performance Appraisal system linked to Reward Management and career growth. 
Monitoring and facilitating for the performance review feedback for employees including their post review feedback developmental activities. 
Identifying top performers and designing reward package to retain talent. 
Instrumental in implementing Performance Improvement Plan (PIP) for non-performers. 
Career Development & Succession Planning 
Designing and implementing realistic individual career growth plans in accordance with business / company growth plans. Generate a talent pool by identifying high performers for Succession Planning for key positions for their future roles. Monitored the career progression of employees for second line in consultation with their functional heads, identified their developmental needs; based on performance, potential skills and client relations & accordingly planned their career growth. 
Competency Assessment 
Ensuring that each of the Associates role & competency is defined and tagged and their assessment is done. 
Prepared appropriate Individual Development Plan (IDP) for talent pool & its execution & monitor the progress. 
Facilitating & conducting Assessment and Development Centres (ADC) for assessing the development needs and growth potential. 
Established Constant Feedback Mechanism as backbone of performance assessment system. 
Instrumental in handling job rotation & transfer functions; implemented job rotation based on project requirement and employee transfer on the basis of internal departments. 
Instrumental in rolling out IJP and planning career growth of all employees. 
Employee Reward & Recognition Program 
Created a framework of the workplace recognition program, named STAR Awards, with the policies, monetary and non-monetary awards and implemented the program end-to-end, in order to strengthen the recognition culture at organization level. 
Tracking and identifying Star Performers from various vertical across the organization. Managed the STAR Awards program at organization level, which turned out to be the most successful people program and it received appreciations and recognition from the overall organization. Work closely with the BU Leaders on nomination process & closure of Quarterly appreciation & Annual Awards. 
Responsible for conceptualizing and implementing web application like Appreciation Tool software enabling associates to recognize each others achievements and contributions. 
Employee Engagement 
Facilitating the periodic conduct of Employee Satisfaction Surveys & implementing the findings by being an effective Change Manager. 
Introduced & implemented HQTF (Happiness Quotient Task Force), which charts out a plan for employee bonding and encourages strong internal communication between them. The HQTF has an event calendar, which includes celebration of various festivals, employee birthdays, sports day, health camps, CSR events and performance boosting. 
Established a Hobby Club to enthuse employees to pursue their hobbies that increases their happiness quotient. 
Developed a periodic Touch Base communiqu, which resulted in establishing a personal, connect with every employee of the Company through their feedbacks and suggestions. 
Effectively managing welfare measures, management - employee get together, team building activities etc. to enhance motivation levels and productivity. 
Arranging the logistics for productive Skip Level Meetings at all levels. 
Compensation Benefits & Payroll Management 
Designing and implementing salary structure and other reward systems to maximize performance. 
Ensure the organizations remuneration packages remain competitive by obtaining up-to-date benchmark data on local remuneration practices and making recommendations to senior management. 
Coordinate salary survey with external agencies and present the findings to the Management. 
Formulation and implementing Variables, Flexi Expense Plan and other Remuneration Policies. 
Responsible for companys Payroll processing, Payroll input, Compliance, Reporting & Audit, Salary provisioning & accounting, variable entitlements, deduction for loans, Leave management & administration. 
Catering to employee Payroll related queries. 
Statutory & General Administration 
Monitoring adherence to Statutory Regulations & Compliance with various Governmental Agencies; monitoring disciplinary issues & Legal matters. 
Ensuring the effective rendering of Facilities like Transport, Canteen, Security, Safety, Housekeeping and overall supervision of Welfare amenities. 
Talent Acquisition 
Managing the complete recruitment life-cycle for sourcing the best talent from diverse sources after identification of manpower requirements for new / existing Departments. 
Planning human resource requirements in consultation with heads of different functional & operational areas, conducting selection interviews across levels, salary negotiations, background verification and induction programs. 
Focus on the turnaround time at every stage and ensure that the best talent is made available in the most cost-effective manner. 
Monitoring the effective utilisation & retention of Manpower, and Knowledge Management. 
Developed and directed Employer branding strategies to increase awareness of organization as a great place to work in order to attract talented individuals and broaden reach for hiring great talent. 
Bench Management Ensured a healthy bench within the engagement. 
Exit Interviews 
Carried out Exit Analysis and developing retention measures to control attrition thereby reducing the rate of attrition through counselling and regular feedbacks. 
Analyse attrition data & develop strategies to manage & reduce the attrition, created a system to map attrition. 
Worked on redesigning and India wide roll out of The Stability Tracker. This is a tool which is used my managers to predict the engagement levels and probable attrition expected in the Vertical during the Quarter. 
04.9.2007 30.9.2010 NS Solverlab Technologies (I) Pvt. Ltd. Senior Executive HR 
NS Solverlab Technologies (I) Pvt.Ltd, with facilitated previously in Pune but currently out of Pune, which works as an extended arm to the core Information Technology (IT) team for their R & D software products. Majority to provide corporate IT services and also catering to banking, automobile and health care domain. 
Talent Management 
Handling Recruitments & generalist functions. Spearheading an HR team of three members which included one Executive-HR, HR Assistant and one IT Recruiters. 
16.01. 2007 
30.08.2007 IBM Daksh India Pvt. Ltd. Floor Walker 
IBM is a leading Software as well as BPO. They are into software development and outsourcing providers, delivering highly tailored solutions to meet the specific needs of the worldwide customer-focused businesses. 
Talent Management: Operations and IT recruitments profile. 
Academic Attainments 
Master in Business Administration (MBA) from Hindustan College of Management and Research, specialization in Human Resource Management (HRM). Diploma in Labour Law and Labour Welfare (D.L.L. & L.W.) from Symbiosis International School. 
Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com) from Garware College Pune, specialization in Banking and Finance. 
Language Fluencies 
English Hindi Marathi 
Date of Birth 
26.11.1980 6 
Address- Flat No. 22, B/N- 01, Datta Palace, Balajinagar ,Pune 411043. 
