CURRICULUM VITAE ROOPAM SHARMA 
Add.:- #5-6, 11thCross, 16th Main, BTM 1st Stage, Bangalore 
Phone:- +91-9035901062 Email:- roopam.sharma27@gmail.com 
CAREER OBJECTIVES 
To make a sound position in industry and work enthusiastically in team with all my skills, capabilities, devotion, and hard work to achieve goals of the organization. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Worked as Sr. Operations Executive with an E-Commerce company for 2.2 years (Sept. 2012 to Nov. 2014). 
Job Responsibilities 
E-Commerce- Strategic Planning & Online Marketing 
Client interaction regarding day to day operational requirement Maintain performance records track as per the agreed metrics set by the business Analyzing existing systems Customer coordination Overseeing the implementation of a new system Report generation of the monthly online sales Assist and Learn to assess specific partner capabilities and skills (based on minimum criteria) to ensure a strategic fit between company and the new partner. 
Develop a general understanding of the various service partner types. 
Learn and assist with managing the partner billing activity that applies to company remote support. 
To ensure SOP (Standard Operating Procedure) is followed as per the defined process. 
Working closely with developers and a variety of end users to ensure technical compatibility and user satisfaction Managing the entire product line life cycle from strategic planning to tactical activities Developing and working with all departments to execute. 
Gather reports and metrics as necessary to measure partner performance. 
Currently working with Shahi Exports Pvt. Ltd. as Industrial Engineer since Dec. 2014 Job Responsibilities 
Develop most efficient ways to use people, machines, materials, information, and energy to make a product or service. 
Help companies increase productivity. 
Study product requirements and design manufacturing and information systems to meet requirements. 
Develop management control systems. 
Perform mathematical calculations to determine manufacturing processes. 
Design production planning and control systems. 
Design methods to ensure product quality. 
Improve ways to distribute goods and services. 
Resolve production problems. 
Design layout of equipment and workspace. 
Estimate production costs. 
Create sampling procedures and designs. 
Evaluate accuracy of production and testing equipment. 
Study and rearrange org charts, material flow, and operations sequence. 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 
Program Institution Year 
B.Tech LDC Institute of Technical Studies, Allahabad 
(UPTU) 2012 Class XIIth Sunbeam English School, Varanasi (CBSE) 2008 
Class Xth Sunbeam English School, Varanasi (CBSE) 2006 SKILL SET 
Leadership 
Strategic thinking and execution Team and relationship building Communication and presentation Change management Integrity 
HOBBIES 
Dancing 
Reading and Writing 
Playing Instruments 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Name 
: Roopam Sharma 
Date of Birth : 18th Oct 1989 
Sex 
: Female 
Fathers Name : Mr. Sunil Dutt Sharma 
Mothers Name : Mrs. Vidhu Sharma 
Nationality : Indian 
Permanent Address : Plot no. 15, Janki Nagar, Samne Ghat Lanka, Varanasi, U.P (221005) Current Address : No. 5-6, 11th Cross, 16th Main, BTM 1st Stage, Bangalore 
DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars. 
Date: Sign: Roopam Sharma 
