JITESH ADWANI 
| Cellular: +91-
9739423458| Email: jitesh.adwani@yahoo.com| 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
An innovative and dynamic goal-oriented professional having 7 years of progressive experience in Secondary Research, MIS Reporting, Market Research & Analytics, Project Delivery, Continuous 
Process Improvement, Agency Management, Team Handling, Business Consulting, Client 
Management & Business Development. 
PROFESSIONAL CONTOUR 
I. Organization WNS GLOBAL SERVICES PVT. LTD, Bangalore 
Current Designation DEPUTY MANAGER (Research & Analytics CPG & Retail) 
Duration JUNE 2011 till date Overview of Career Progression with WNS Global Services Pvt. Ltd. 
June 2011 to Sep 2013: Business Analyst, CPG & Retail (USA & Corporate Innovations Division) Oct 2013 to June 2016: Assistant Manager, CPG & Retail (USA & Corporate Insights Division) 
July 2016 onwards: Deputy Manager, CPG & Retail (Pacific & Europe Region Research Division) 
RESPONSIBLITIES: 
Leading a team of 8 members consisting of Analysts & Assistant managers, review their work to ensure seamless deliverables. 
Execution and handling of business-issue driven analysis, pertaining to marketing analytics, amounting to annual revenue of ~250k USD. 
Partnering directly with client s Knowledge & Insights team to provide business insights, thus translating different business objectives into actionable insights and providing support from idea inception to execution and subsequent follow ups. 
Setting up of Brand Health Tracking study for European clients; Agency management from fieldwork to final delivery of the database. 
Exposure of building questionnaire across various markets and continuous guidance to survey team and ensuring key metrics, categories and brands are getting tracked. 
Handling both retainer team as well as Ad-Hoc requests of the clients portfolio. 
Developing Dashboards/Simulators using various tools for K&I, Brand & Category Managers. 
Responsible for Requirements Gathering, Project Scoping, Effort & Cost Estimation, 
Scheduling, User Acceptance Testing (UAT), Test Cases along with handling RFP/RFQ, Accruals & Invoices. 
Consistently engage with clients, interpret their requirements, plan resources accordingly and manage the communication flow. 
Types of Projects Executed: 
Market Overview, Brand Health, Consumer Profiling/Segmentation, Cluster Analysis, Drivers Analysis, Portfolio Analysis, Consumer Need Spaces, Opportunity Sizing, Trend Analysis, Benchmarking, Competitor Analysis, Pre & Post Campaign Analysis among others 
SKILLS/OTHER PROFICIENCIES 
Proficiency on Industry acclaimed data sources (Nielsen, Canadean, Euro Monitor, Mintel). 
Executed various market research studies based on Brand Health & Usage Attitudinal Tracking using proprietary BI tools. 
Proficient in the use of tools such as Advanced Excel, MS Word, MS PowerPoint. 
Excel VBA, SPSS, Think Cell. 
MILESTONES: 
Holding B1/B2 visa, Visited to the United States as an onsite in 2016 to understand the business requirement of the client and discuss the concepts which can build a strong relationship post restructuring in client s company. 
Key contributor in the migration of a Brand Health Tracking study for the clients with the objective of using this study strategically, along with a Brand Performance Tracking tool. 
Independently managed client Brand Tracking Study restructuring across various markets with third party agency, acted in the capacity of clients key partner to supervise end to end agency work from questionnaire design, fieldwork management to the final delivery of the database and BI tools. 
Collaboration Award in 2016 for bringing in additional revenue from APAC region. 
Shooting Star Award in 2015 for an outstanding performance in bringing down the project cost by 41% by updating and improving the process. 
Orion Award in 2013 for the excellent performance and handling all the projects and team efficiently. 
Star Award in 2012 for executing projects with quick turnaround and receiving delights from Top Management. 
Orion Award within three months of joining for successfully executing critical projects. 
II. Organization NORTHERN OPERATING SERVICES LTD, Bangalore (Cash Operations Team) 
Designation BUSINESS ANALYST 
Duration 
FROM MARCH 2010 to JUNE 2011 RESPONSIBLITIES: 
Responsible for reviewing accounts on daily basis and identifying the exceptions, providing insights for the aged exceptions and resolving queries so as to minimize risk and maximize profits. 
Responsible for placing funds on and off call and rebooking the funds, adjusting daily interest rates to minimize overdraft charges. 
Handled continuous process improvement to reduce manual tasks. 
Training and mentoring new members through presentations and class room sessions. 
Interaction with representatives on weekly basis to provide them regular updates. 
MILESTONES: 
Star of Cash-Operations in 2011 award for delivering the best performance and providing training to all the new partners. 
ACADEMICS MBA (Marketing & Finance) in 2010 from ICFAI Business School, Bangalore 
B. Commerce & Computers in 2006 from S.V. College, BU, Bhopal 
I hereby declare that the information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
PLACE: Bangalore Jitesh Adwani 
Signature 
