Kathryn R. Carroll 
7816 Mayfair Crest Lane #206 Raleigh, North Carolina 27615 
Home: 
Cell: 
Email: 
919-845-0748 
919-805-0048 
Kcarroll42@att.net 
Detail-minded professional with 15+ years' office administration experience. 
Excellent oral and written communication skills. 
Great follow-up. 
Self-managing with ability to multitask, set priorities and meet deadlines. 
Outstanding accuracy, work ethic and handling of confidential matters. 
Team player. 
Proficient in Word, Excel, comfortable with Acrobat and knowledgeable with Power Point. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
Ateb, Inc. (Raleigh, North Carolina) (recently acquired by Omnicell) 
Contract Administrator 2014 to Present 
Duties: Maintain company-wide electronic and hard-copy contract files. 
Prepare basic contracts (using established contract templates) for sales representatives. 
Draft "non-template" contracts for review and approval. 
Maintain Sales Rep Log showing proposals, quotes, etc. sent to and received from customers. 
Work with HIPAA Privacy Officer relative to obtaining Business Associate Agreements. 
Worked with corporate attorney as required, including due diligence period with Omnicell. 
File proposals, quotes, purchase authorizations in SharePoint. 
Maintain Agreement Request Log for President. 
Accomplishments: Created contract (electronic and hard copy) filing system (A priority when I joined company.) Created Data Base for Non-Disclosure Statements, Business Associate Agreements, Master 
Terms and Conditions. 
(Provides Associates quick access to information without having to pull individual files.) 
Kerr Drug, Inc. (Raleigh, North Carolina) 
Paralegal to General Counsel/ 1998 to 2014 
(Company sold to Walgreens Co.) Manager RE Administration 
Duties: Audited payment of lease-related expenses to ensure accuracy of charges. 
Handled departmental and corporate-wide correspondence. 
Maintained corporate records (stock ledger, corporate book); transcribed board minutes. 
Drafted legal and other documents required by supervisor or corporate officers. 
Assisted in contract review and preparation as requested by various departments. 
Controlled release of Private Health Information (PHI) to comply with Federal HIPAA regulations. 
Maintained hard copy/electronic files for leases, lease accounting and corporate contract files for accessibility by associates and departmental heads. 
Supervised all matters related to land-acquisition and construction and permanent loans to achieve successful completion of due diligence and closing. 
Submitted documentation to lenders for release of construction funds to Developer; and oversaw payments to general and subcontractors. 
Managed licensing to ensure all company locations met governmental licensing requirements. 
Organized annual department meetings. 
Accomplishments: Created Lease data base (ensured termination, renewal and/or rent change dates were not missed). 
Created system for reviewing/authorization payments due under Lease to Landlord (ensured correct payments made to Landlord). 
Appointed Treasurer of corporation's Political Action Committee (PAC) (ensured state/federal reports filed as required). 
Consistently assigned new responsibilities for departmental and corporate-wide matters Received multiple promotions. 
Created licensing data base (ensured all licensing was in order for store to remain operational). 
EDUCATION: University of San Diego Law School 
Brigham Young University, University of Portland, San Diego Community College (English, Business Law, Real Estate Law, Escrow Closings, Bookkeeping 
CERTIFICATIONS: Paralegal 
Certified Senior Escrow Officer (California) assisted in proctoring state exams for Certified 
Escrow Officer and Certified Senior Escrow Officer. 
