Mayank Singh 
Address : 139C Mianwali Colony, New Railway Road, Gurgaon-122001 
Contact No : +91 7838996383 
E Mail : mayanksingh1414@gmail.com 
To carry out responsibility entrusted and become a trust worthy and active team member. Want to utilize my expertise in a setup that demands competence, creativity and continuous learning, providing a motivating, stimulating and professional environment, thus helping me in constantly upgrading my personal and professional skills. I would like to achieve this through my involvement in the jobs, eagerness to face challenges and openness to criticism so as to refine the quality of performance. 
Professional Experience: 
1. Wellspring Healthcare Pvt Ltd- Aug 2016 till date 
Designation: Centre Manager 
Job Description 
Key Functions: 
Responsible to oversee the overall daily administration of the Centers (Corporate 
Clinics) and co-ordinate with clients and employees for seamless functioning. 
Client handling with various technical as well as administrative works. 
Ensure facility upkeep, Department functioning to meets the service standards. 
MIS Preparation and analysis Taking initiative to systemize an office independently. 
Staffing Contributions: 
Assisted recruiting diligent professionals, committed to high principles of service and performance. 
Designed and coordinated training programs for employees in order to enhance work efficiency Conducted training sessions and workshops to improve the workforce and productivity of the firm. 
2. Express Clinics Pvt Ltd., A Joint Venture with DaVita Inc A Fortune 500 Company-Feb 2014 to 
July 2016 
Designation: Assistant Manager, Operations 
Job Description 
Key Functions: 
Audit for operational risks, financial aspects, QA and processes. 
Process management & implementing the organization s operations standards and policies. 
Compliance requirements. 
Organize & handle Corporate Medical Camps like Mahle, Gabriel, American 
Express 
Optum Global, Convergys, FedEx, Sodexo, ICICI Lombard, Wrigley, Sestso,etc. 
Monitor Inventory of all Clinics in Delhi NCR. 
Support logistic team for smooth operations. 
Ensuring high level of Client satisfaction index. 
Develop and present training programme for staffs; develop training protocols, Documentation requirements regarding the functions of Clinic. 
3. Metropolis Healthcare Limited - Feb 2013 to Feb 2014 
Designation: Section head 
Clinical Trial & Routine outsourced Pathology 
Job Description 
SOP and Test Coding as per the CT Project. 
Provide ongoing training, support and monitoring sister labs in North 
Coordination all over North India for Tacrolimus, Cyclosporine (C0 & C2) level, HCV RNA Quantitative, HBV DNA Quantitative tests. 
Project Handled: 
Lupin Arogya Camp. 
Roche Camp. 
Sanoffi Aventis 
MSD Assure 
Saffola 
***Achievement: Best Employee of the Month in April, 2013. 
4. Super Religare Laboratories - March 2011 to Feb2013 
Designation: Clinical Research Coordinator 
Job Description 
Developing Study overview which includes testing parameters, accessioning information. 
Hands on devices like FTIR Spectrophotometer. 
Kidney Stone Analysis and Faecal Fat Analysis. 
Maintaining of relevant documents according to existing norms of College of American pathologists (CAP), NABL and ISO 9001-2008 and U.S. Food and Drug 
Administration (FDA). 
CERTIFICATIONS 
Diploma: Industry Program in Clinical Trial, Research & Administration (2009). 
National Conference on potentials of Biotechnology in India (2010) organized by 
IAMR, Ghaziabad. 
National Conference on potentials of Biotechnology in India (2010) organized by 
IAMR, Ghaziabad. 
ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS 
2011 MSc. in Biotechnology from Institute of Management Studies Ghaziabad. 
2008 BSc. in Biotechnology from IAMR Duhai, Ghaziabad. 
LANGUAGES KNOWN 
English & Hindi (Read, Write & Speak). 
Bengali (Only Speak) 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the information state above is true to my best of my knowledge and belief. No attempt has been made to conceal any information. 
PLACE: Gurgaon 
DATE: 05/04/2017 MAYANK SINGH 
