 Mo: +91-9535503364 ankit.srv.it@gmail.com 
http://www.linkedin.com/in/ankitsimple 
Ankit Srivastava, PGDM (Marketing & IT) with 7+ year exp. in sales and marketing PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE SmartOwner Services Pvt. Ltd. 
Bangalore Oct 
15 Onwards 
Inside Sales Manager 
Sales of real estate investment products to individual and B2B clients in 30+ countries Manage sales of Local (South India) and Global Channel Partners 
Account mgmt. / Portfolio mgmt. for clients in real estate Wooqer Inc. 
Bangalore Dec 14 
Sep 15 
Sr. Business Development Associate & Customer Advocate (B2B) Lead generation through multiple channels including emails, calls, social media and other digital marketing initiatives Meeting B2B contacts to conduct Web Demonstration of products for decision makers to close deals Deliver solutions via the platform to suit the business needs of existing accounts 
Business Consultant (Freelance Assignments) Bangalore Feb 
14 
- Dec 14 iCertGlobal (EduTech) & Pebble Branding (Marketing StartUp) 
Business Consultant 
Drive company's products in international markets Sign up and streamline sales and delivery partners in the US and India 
Create brand value and improve customer retention 
QAI India Ltd. Bangalore & Delhi Feb 13 
Dec 13 Manager Marketing and Business Development 
Drive revenue streams via B2C marketing and sales channel partner institutions. 
Streamline marketing efforts both technical (design and development of the website, ad campaigns, social media campaigns) and non-technical (marketing collaterals, product collaterals) as required by business operations Institutional sales and delivery of portfolio of the products and services in the US 
Product development and /or customization relevant to a particular user (B2B or B2C) Edusys Services Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore & London 
Jul 10 
Dec 12 
Sr. Manager, Marketing 
Initialized and established two Brands PROJstudy (delivering PRINCE2 and ITIL courses) & ITILstudy (delivering ITIL courses) in UK, Australia, India and the US. 
Lead Online marketing through SEO, SEM and Social Media engagement 
Drive B2C and B2B sales in the mentioned geographies. 
Manage B2B Sales through Channel Partners in more than 100+ cities globally Lead the Sales, Marketing and Customer relationship teams. 
Coordinate and deliver On-Site training program both internally to the employees and to customers for 
PRINCE2 Foundation and Practitioner and ITIL Foundation courses. 
Radical softnet Pvt. Ltd. New Delhi July 07-July 08 
Software Engineer, Testing 
Testing the software applications MobiGUARD, MobiSMS, MobiPOD and MobiAV by Black-Box Testing method. 
Developed help contents and software documentation for MobiGUARD, MobiSMS, MobiPOD and MobiAV. 
Mo: +91-9535503364 ankit.srv.it@gmail.com http://www.linkedin.com/in/ankitsimple 
EDUCATION AND ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS 
Degree, Institute Percentage Period 
PGDM, Hindustan Institute of Management, SGI, Gr. Noida 73% Jul 
08 - Jul 
10 B.Sc.(IT), Kuvempu University, Karnataka 74% June 
05 May 08 
ANIIT, NIIT, South Ex Center, Delhi 72% June 
05 
May 07 
I.S.C. (Class 12th), St. Basil s School, Basti (U.P.) 64.20% Apr 
03 - Mar 
04 
I.C.S.E. (Class 10th), Fatima School. Mau (U.P.) 69.80% Apr 
01 - Mar 02 
INTERNSHIPS 
Anik Group Of Industries 
Indore 
Feb 
10- June 
10 Executive Assistant to E.D. 
Assisted in determining the viability of the Business Case for Financial and Commercial aspects of new opportunities. 
Negotiated with vendors, coordinated with government departments for sanctions and approvals. 
Reported to the Executive Director of the group, acted as Project Support. 
Sharda Group Of Institutions 
Gr. Noida May 
09- Aug 09 Management Trainee 
Took part in various ad campaigns and Educational fares for Sharda University in various parts of the country like Delhi/NCR, Assam and West Bengal 
Have campaigned in cities such as Guwahati, Kolkata, Lucknow and others for the promotion of Sharda 
University. 
Lead the team for creation of the Blog for Sharda University website including the process for blog posting and administration for the Sharda University site. 
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
Published as Digit Idol in Digit Magazine, one of India s leading tech magazine in 2010. 
