DIVYA BHARATHY. J Mobile +91 950 067 1157 
E mail 
divyabharathy1991.db@gmail.com 
Site No.51,Balu garden,BK Pudur,Coimbatore 641008,Tamil Nadu, India 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
I am a passionate 
Front End Developer always wanting to learn and experiment new technologies. I have 1.10 yrs industry experience in UI Development and seek challenging assignments in User Interface oriented Projects. 
WORKING EXPERIENCE 
Payoda 
Technologies,Coimbatore July 2014 to present Network Virtualization AngularJS 
Network Virtualization is a web based application for decoupling physical topology from the logical topology, to allow connectivity between compute and network services regardless of where they may reside within the data center. 
It has provision to push software images into the device and group them logically for improved and controlled administration of devices in a network. 
It lets the user view all the devices/ switches in the network using a hierarchical tree structure (D3.js) . Group them logically into several containers , MOVE them between containers, REMOVE switches from the network , RESET the switch configurations. etc 
We can also push Configurations (Set of CLI commands) known as "Configlets" into any device. Configlets are created and maintained under Configlet Management. 
Operating System known as "Images" are created and maintained under Image 
Management.Supported image formats include .swi, .swix etc . Created images are assigned to compatible devices. 
Devices in a network are maintained in Inventory management. Tasks can be executed or scheduled for later in Task Management.User details ,their Roles and access Privileges are maintained under User and Role Management respectively. 
Roles & Responsibilities : 
Worked on all the above modules and significantly contributed from the starting of the project. 
Developed the front end web page and web forms by using HTML5, CSS3, and JavaScript, taking advantage of the framework AngularJS. 
Responsible for creating a color code based difference editor for the application to differentiate between the Configurations to be pushed and the existing Configurations. 
Estimated time to develop approved prototypes and implement the same ,as well as showing to project leads and receiving and implementing any changes or implementation updates Developed AngularJS grids, worked on JSON data , paginations, AngularJS form validations,etc. 
Made heavy use of Chrome Developer Tools + Firebug to ensure high quality of UI. 
Performed testing , bug fixing and also worked on browsers compatibility issues. 
Mentored junior team members. 
Collaborated with team on implementing new features and UX in an Agile environment 
IDE Used Eclipse 
Framework 
HTML, CSS, JavaScript, jQuery, AngularJs, D3 Js , Underscore Js, 
Bootstrap etc. 
Awards & Accomplishments: 
Won 
Above & Beyond Award for my excellence in developing a unique color code based difference editor. 
Won the Best Team Annual Award for maintaining quality of the product by adhering to the process. 
INDUSTRY BASED WORK EXPERIENCE 
Intel Technology, Bangalore 6 months academic internship Description 
Multifunction Wellness System (MWS) 
Java 
Multifunction Wellness Accessory is wireless device that fetches health parameters (Eg. ECG) from its sensors which is uploaded using a mobile application. Users can register themselves with the web portal of the product and keep monitoring the measurements and get expert advices on the same. 
Software/ 
Technology used Technology 
Used 
Servlets, JSP, JavaScript, Spring, Struts , Hibernate, Tiles 
IDE Used Eclipse Indigo , JMeter Software Used 
Apache Tomcat 7,jdk1.7,JerseyREST,Protobuf2.3.1 
Database 
SQL Yog Community 
Oracle Retail, Bangalore 6 months academic internship Description 
Automation Testing of Oracle Retail products VB Script 
Identify test cases & perform automated tests suits on Oracle Retail products like Store Inventory Management and Warehouse Management to ensure the stability of the products. 
Software/ 
Technology used 
IDE Used 
Quick Test Professional 
Framework 
Mokey 
OTHER CERTIFICATIONS/ COURSES 
Passed 1Z0 007 Introduction to Oracle9i: SQL with a score of 98% Passed 1Z0 147 Oracle 9i: Program with PL/SQL with a score of 98% TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Web Technologies 
HTML/HTML5, CSS2/CSS3 ,Java script, jQuery, AngularJs, Underscore Js, D3 Js, Jasmine,JSP 
Responsive Web Designs 
Bootstrap & Media Queries. 
RDBMS 
MySQL, Oracle 11g,SQL 
Operating System 
Windows 98/NT/XP/7/8, Linux Mint 
Software/Tools 
Net Beans , Eclipse , Microsoft Visual Studio 2010 , MS Office , Libre Office, HP QTP ,SQL Yog, Keil microVision, Multisim 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 
Graduation (2009 2014) 
Pursued 5 years integrated MSc. Software Engineering at Department of Computer Technology in Coimbatore Institute of Technology (CIT) , Coimbatore, Tamil Nadu, India. 
Semest er 
I II 
III 
IV 
V VI 
VII VIII 
IX 
X CGPA GPA / 10 8.17 8.30 7.79 7.95 8.23 7.90 10 8.62 8.48 9 8.44 
High School & Higher Secondary School (1997 2009) 
Course 
Institution Board 
Completion 
By 
Marks (%) X 
St. Francis Anglo Indian Girls 
High School, Coimbatore 
Anglo Indian 2007 91% XII 
Stanes Anglo Indian 
Higher Secondary School, Coimbatore 
State Board 
2009 90% EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
Runners Up in 
Payoda Table Tennis Tournament in Mixed Doubles category. 
Won Third Place in 
Payoda Rally 
(Adventure Ride with Treassure Hunt). 
Chess and Shuttle Badminton Player. PERSONAL DOSSIER 
Name 
Divya Bharathy. J 
Gender Female 
Date of Birth 31 ST 
December ,1991 Languages known 
English, Tamil, Malayalam, Telugu 
Email 
divyabharathy1991.db@gmail.com Mobile +91 950 067 1157 DECLARATION 
I, Divya Bharathy. J, do hereby confirm that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Place: Coimbatore 
Date: 30 05 2016 
(Divya Bharathy .J) 
