 Gitika Demblani SaraswatiBhawan, 83, M.S.Mukherjee Road, P.O. B.D. Sopan, Khardah, Kolkata-700116 
+91 9051111621| gitika.demblani@gmail.com 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Grofers India Pvt Ltd, Kolkata (E-commerce) HR Business Partner September 2015 Present Acting as a strategic partner to business with a focus on improving employee productivity and engagement. 
Understanding of complex business scenarios, defining and executing the HR strategy for the department. 
Conceptualization of initiatives towards employee engagement Ensuring smooth roll out of performance management cycle, participating in and facilitating moderation committee meetings Ensuring manpower deployment as per manpower plan through recruitment. 
Conducting stay and exit interviews to contain employee attrition Smooth implementation of talent initiatives 
Maven Infotech Pvt Ltd (Business Process Outsourcing) HR Recruiter 
April 2015 September 2015 
Source Candidates for junior, middle and senior level for IT and ITES 
Take care of the interview process Coordinate with business heads, supervisors, team leaders and line managers for recruitment process. 
Salary Negotiation. 
Campus Placements. 
Arrange technical facilities for new joiners. 
Maintain a database of all candidates. 
Adecco India Pvt Ltd, Mumbai & Kolkata (HR Consulting) 
Talent Search Executive September 2013 January 2015 Source candidates through various job portals. 
Conduct first round of interview. 
Client Interaction. 
Responsible for colleges/ NGO/NSDC tie-ups for candidate attraction. 
Campus Placements. 
Responsible for conducting job fairs/ events and promotion in the region 
Responsible for roll out of BTL activities in the region. 
Marketing SPOC for the Candidate managers in the regional level. 
Drive candidate Walk-ins to the branch and ensure that the CVs collected at the branch are pushed back into Hirecraft. 
Intellecta Consultants (Recruitment Agency) 
HR Executive- Sourcing April 2013 September 2013 
Source candidates through various sources like Job Portals, References, Cold Calling, etc for various requirements. 
To call up potential candidates and screen as per client mandate through Preliminary interviews. 
Follow up with candidates to get their interviews done. 
Coordinate with the clients and place the right candidates. 
Handle the entire recruitment cycle. 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS 
Year Degree 
University/Board /Institute Aggregate % 2013 PGDM-HR 
ITM University 65 2011 B.A (English Honours) 
Calcutta University 53 2008 HSC (Humanities) 
I.S.C 83 
2006 SSC I.C.S.E 74 INTERNSHIP CRY, Kolkata (NGO) Intern 
December 2011 January 2012 
Making future strategies for CRY Action Centre (CAC) 
Update CRY Action Centre database Study the on-going activities in CAC 
Formulate new strategies for effective functioning of CAC DPSC Limited, Kolkata (Engineering) Intern 
May 2012 July 2012 Prepare a standard recruitment process for CEO 
Research work on the level of job satisfaction of the employees in DPSC Ltd. 
POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY ITM Business School 
Tempest Theatre Society - Backstage Co-ordinator CSI committee member 
HR E-Newsletter - Student editor 
HR National Conference 
Backstage Head 
LANGUAGE PROFICIENCY 
Languages: Fluent in English & Hindi and conversational proficiency in Bengali and Sindhi 
Date:-25-05-2016 
Gitika Demblani 
