 Java Developer 
Contact-No-+91-9036131769 
Siddappa Walake 
Tardeo Mumbai Mumbai, Maharashtra 400034 : +91 9036131769 E-mail:admiralciddu@gmail.com 
JOB OBJECTIVE 
Seeking to continue my professionalism, where my dedication, expertise and talent will definitely bring the organization a sharper edge within the industry. Aspire for a challenging role in IT 
Industry as Software Developer to contribute to the company's growth, in turn ensuring personal growth. 
PROFILE SUMMARY 
Efficient software professional with 1 year 4 months of experience in software development using Java and java technologies and 
angular Js. 
Having good knowledge of Development of Net banking system modules, Implementation, Data Migration and Manual Testing. 
Have good knowledge of government projects like Direct Benefit Transfer Portal, Administrative Content management system, Disaster management system etc. 
Good knowledge of Object Oriented Programming concepts. 
Good knowledge in latest java features like Streams, lambda expressions, default and static method interfaces , functional interfaces, Proficiency in Core Java, Advanced java, Log4J , JSON, 
Angular Js, Ajax , javaScript and frameworks like spring MVC , Struts, Spring Boot and Hibernate. 
Good knowledge in 
Concurrent- package (Multithreading). 
Have good knowledge on SQL , joins, procedures, functions, triggers , cursors etc. . 
Exposure to Java and J2EE Design patterns like Singleton, Factory, Front-Controller, DAO and etc. 
Proficiency in developing API s using REST,SOAP and Spring Boot web services and test using Postman tool Proficiency in using JW Token as well Session based authentication. 
Good knowledge of using caching servers like Redis. 
Experience in Oracle, MSSQL, MySQL Database and developer tool to access database. 
Good analytical skills and Problem solving ability. 
Java Developer 
Contact-No-+91-9036131769 TECHNICAL SKILL SET 
Programming Language: Java, Angular Js. 
Java Technologies : JDBC , Servlet ,Multithreading, JSP, Web Services like SOAP, REST, Spring Boot. 
Framework Software 
: Hibernate, Spring MVC, Spring Boot. 
Database Software : Oracle, MSSQL, MySql. 
Web Technologies : Angular JS, JavaScript, AJAX, HTML. 
Build Tools 
: Maven 
Servers 
: Tomcat, Glassfish, JBOSS, IBM Web Sphere, Redis. 
IDE s 
: Eclipse, Net Beans, STS. 
Tools 
: SVN, Git, Redmine , Postman ,SOAP UI, ,WinSCP, FileZilla, Putty. 
Operating System : Windows, Unix 
PROFESSINAL EXPERIENCE 
Period Employer Location Designation 
Feb 2017 
Till date Reigns Infotech Mumbai Software Developer 
Aug 2016 
Feb 2017 Riflexions consulting 
Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore Implementation 
Analyst 
Dec 2015 Aug 2016 Riflexions consulting 
Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore Software Engineer 
Reigns Infotech Pvt Ltd. Mainly works on government projects. Developing govt. online exam portals which is being used by many firms like IBPS,SSC,CSC as well as some private institutes. , Govt. administrative applications and Direct Benefit transfer portal. These projects help Indian citizens to claim the benefit directly into their accounts. 
Head office Film center ,Tardeo, Mumbai central, Mumbai 
(India) . 
Riflexions consulting 
Pvt. Ltd. Help financial institutions increase their efficiency as well as reducing risk when handling information, developing business processes and implementing IT- systems. This will add value to our customers, increase transparency and enable the end customer to interact more securely and efficiently with vital institutions in society. 
Head office 3rd Phase JP Nager, Bangalore (India) . 
Java Developer 
Contact-No-+91-9036131769 PROJECT PROFILE 
1.Project Title: 
Domain: 
Client 
Environment: 
Team Size: 
Role: 
Duration: 
Description: 
Direct Benefit Transfer (DBT) 
Government. 
Government Of Maharashtra. 
Java, Restful and SOAP, Postman and SOAP UI, JW Token, Hibernate, Spring 
Boot (In few Web API s), Angular Js, Multithreading, ,Eclipse IDE, MySql, Git, Apache Tomcat , JBoss , FileZilla, Putty. 
15 
Involved in preparations of designs and preparing the technical document 
Module level Current System Study (CSS). 
Responsible for development of API s, Web services, modules and Batches. 
Sanity testing , Bug fixing and Peer review. 
Deployment on UAT and SIT server and Production . 
FEB 2017 to Till Date 
This application implements various govt. schemes like Pension, Scholarships, Subsidies etc and allows various type of users to claim their benefit directly into their account which is linked with Adhar. 
2.Project Title: 
Domain: 
Client 
Environment: 
Team Size: 
Role: 
Duration: 
Description: 
Net Banking 
Banking. 
Union Bank of India 
Java ,servlets, JDBC ,Multithreading, JSP ,Eclipse IDE, NetBeans, Microsoft 
SQL, Oracle, SVN, Web Service, JavaScript, AJAX, Apache Tomcat ,Glassfish, IBM Web Sphere, WinSCP, Putty. 
12 
Responsible for complete coding/development of modules and Batches. 
Sanity testing and Peer review 
Involved in preparations of designs and preparing the technical document Module level Data Migration 
Deployment on UAT and SIT server and Production . 
Aug 2016 to Feb 2017 
IPO And ASBA Modules in Net banking helps users to do Share marketing activities through online. The batches then captures data and shares with 
NSE , BSE and later uploads the responses into Net banking database. 
Java Developer 
Contact-No-+91-9036131769 
3.Project Title: 
Domain: 
Client 
Environment: 
Team Size: 
Role: 
Duration: 
Description: 
Net Banking 
Banking. 
Karnataka Bank 
Java ,servlets, JDBC ,Multithreading, JSP, REST,SOAP ,Eclipse IDE ,IBM Web 
Sphere ,Microsoft SQL,SVN 
8 Responsible for complete coding/development of modules and Batches. 
Data preparation and Development of Module as well as Batch. 
User authorization, Transaction upload and payment upload Testing, log monitoring and report gathering Deployment on UAT and SIT server and Production . 
Dec 2015 to Aug 2016 Online user creation enables existing customer to create Net banking account and do banking activities through online. 
Forgot password module enables user to reset his account password in secured way. 
The Batch application downloads or uploads data . Trade finance upload helps the customers to go through the transactions they did previously. 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS 
Bachelor in Electronics and Communication Engineering from VTU, Belgaum. 
Attended Java courses in Bangalore. 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Father s Name : Mr. Yallappa Walake 
Date of Birth : 12th-MAY-1993 
Permanent Address : Kerur, Chikkodi, Belgaum, Bangalore, Karnataka, India. Pin- 
591213. 
Marital Status : Single 
Interest & Activity : Programming, surfing news, Coordinating event, Hanging out with friends. 
Language Known : English, Hindi, Kannada, Telugu, Marathi. 
Siddappa Walake 
Java Developer 
Contact-No-+91-9036131769 
