JIGNESH L. KERAI 
Near Localbord Hospital, Ranko, Madhapar-Navavas 
Village-Madhapar, Post-Madhapar, Via-Bhuj, Tal/Dist. Kutch-370020 
Mobile: +919824291239
E-Mail: jigu_kerai@hotmail.com 
Career Objective: To develop a career by utilizing my knowledge to fulfill needs of the organization where I will be a valuable team member, contributing quality ideas and work. 
Professional Experience 
Total 11 years 11 months Exp. In Accounts field Presently associated with My Own Eco Energy Pvt. Ltd. - Gujarat (Indizel 
Euro6) at Ahmedabad 
Assistant Manager (Account & Commercial) Since 05th December - 2016 till Date. 
Key Highlights: 
Calculation of VAT, Preparation and submitting of monthly-Annual Sales Tax Return. 
Issue C-Form and F-Forms. Collection of C-Forms, I-Forms, H-Forms and F-Forms. 
Further I am preparing the data for the VAT AUDIT every year & doing all the exercise viz - Details of Input Credit reversal & VAT / CST sales with challan details for finalize the VAT Audit & assessment too. 
Cost control activities, Management Accounting, Handling of Taxation compliances & ensuring compliance to statutory requirements. Rate negotiation, Finance Control & watch all activities & manage to running smoothly. 
Preparing VAT, T.D.S. Challans and submission the same in concern department on monthly basis. Also, I have returns file of VAT-CST. 
Handling of Day to Day Cash/Bank transaction and Accounting works. 
Reviewing debtors ageing and follow up with the sales staff for collection of payments. 
Vouching of Purchase Bills (Capital & Raw Material) and Services bills of service providers like AMC, CAPEX, OPEX and deduction of TDS from services bills where it s applicable as per Taxation rules and regulations. 
Reconciliation of G/L & Vendor Account, Cash & Bank monthly basis. 
Reconciliation of Creditors/Contractors. A/c with P.O. / W.O. for Settlement of Accounts and Balance Confirmation. 
Processing of Debit & Credit Note on monthly base. 
Suzlon Global Services Limited - Gujarat (The Largest Producer of Energy Plant in India) at Porbandar (4th April-2016 to 3rd December-2016) 
Assistant Manager (Account & Commercial) 
Key Highlights: 
Design and implement cost control activities, Management Accounting, Handling of Taxation compliances & ensuring compliance to statutory requirements. Preparing of Budget, Rate negotiation, Finance Control & watch all activities & manage to running smoothly. 
Manage performance reporting & analysis which includes all related monthly and periodic expense reports, monthly forecast, annual budgeting and other reporting/analysis. 
Vouching of Purchase Bills and Services bills of service providers like AMC, CAPEX, OPEX and deduction of TDS from services bills where it s applicable as per Taxation rules and regulations. 
Reconciliation of Creditors/Contractors. A/c with P.O. / W.O. for Settlement of Accounts and Balance Confirmation. 
Calculation of Sales Tax with comparison of Additional Input reversal, Preparation and submitting of monthly-Annual Sales Tax Return. Issue C-Form and F-Forms. Collection of C-Forms, I-Forms, H-Forms and F-Forms. 
I am checking all the INPUT CREDIT data which needs to be taken care for obtaining the Input Tax Credit every month. Further I am preparing the data for the VAT AUDIT every year & doing all the exercise viz - Proof of Exports, Details of Input 
Credit reversal & VAT / CST sales with challan details for finalize the VAT Audit & assessment too. 
Processing of Debit & Credit Note on monthly base. 
Reconciliation of Customer, G/L & Vendor Accounts monthly basis. 
Handling of Day to Day Cash transaction and Accounting works. 
Reconciliation of bank statements on daily basis. 
Reviewing debtors ageing and follow up with the sales staff for collection of payments. 
I have Preparation of Audit. 
Solaris Chemtech Industries Limited - Gujarat the Largest Producer of Bromine, HBR & TBBA Plant in India at Khavda-Kutch (15th November-2011 to 31st March- 2016) 
Officer (Accounts) 
Key Highlights: 
Calculation of Sales Tax with comparison of Additional Input reversal, Preparation and submitting of monthly-Annual Sales Tax Return. Issue C-Form and F-Forms. Collection of C-Forms, I-Forms, H-Forms and F-Forms. 
I am checking all the INPUT CREDIT data which needs to be taken care for obtaining the Input Tax Credit every month. 
Further I am preparing the data for the VAT AUDIT every year & doing all the exercise viz - Proof of Exports, Details of Input Credit reversal & VAT / CST sales with challan details for finalize the VAT Audit & assessment too. 
Handling of Day to Day Cash transaction and Accounting works. 
Reconciliation of bank statements on daily basis. 
Reviewing debtors ageing and follow up with the sales staff for collection of payments. 
Vouching of Purchase Bills (Capital & Raw Material) and Services bills of service providers like AMC, CAPEX, OPEX and deduction of TDS from services bills where it s applicable as per Taxation rules and regulations. 
I assisting for Excise Data preparation and submitting of monthly-annual Excise 
Return. I am checking all the Input Credit data and preparing ER Form, RG23A, RG23C, RG-1, Service tax credit Statement, PLA Statement. 
Preparing Excise, Service Tax, PF & T.D.S. Challans and submission the same in concern department on monthly basis. 
I am checking the approval received from the Sales Office / HO and proper adjustment / accounting is done dealer wise by me to maintain the Rebate A/c. & 
Commission A/c. 
Assisting for Preparation of MIS & Audit. 
Reconciliation of Creditors/Contractors. A/c with P.O. / W.O. for Settlement of Accounts and Balance Confirmation. 
Reconciliation of G/L & Vendor Account monthly basis. 
Additionally, I have Retailer Accounts, I must be finalizing of Balance sheet, Profit & Loss a/c. Trial Balance, Loan & Liabilities etc 
M/s/ Parishram Sales Agency. Bhuj - Gujarat CCC of Sanghi Industries Ltd. (1st January-2011 to 14th November-2011) 
Career Path: 
Chief Officer (Accounts) 
I am very much familiar with latest SAP System. 
All works related to Accounts. 
Reconcile the collection with bank statement received on daily basis. 
Daily review of debtors ageing and follow up with the sales staff for recovery process and reporting. 
Doing Service Tax, T.D.S. & VAT working and submission the same. 
Doing Order Booking and Dispatch follow-up. 
Coordinate Collection receiving and entry in the Tally 7.2, 9 and deposition in Bank on daily basis Review & scrutiny of sales ledger of all the parties of the CCC and get rectified wherever necessary. 
Cash Expenses, Cash Collection, and Cash Report Tally with Cashier on daily Basis and reconciliation with SAP/Tally. 
Check the diversions and forwarding the same to Division office for adjustments. 
Check and forward the Shortage & damage claims to Division office adjustment and follow up. 
Send to stockiest/Direct Party ledger received from company and Collect to acknowledged copy. 
Patty Cash Handling. 
I Supervised On Seven Sky Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. All Taxing and Accounting works. 
Krystalline Salt Ltd. Mombasa (Kenya) & Dawsons Food Products Ltd. 
Accounts. (Tanzania) (21st August-2010 to 2nd December -2010.) 
Career Path: 
Chief Officer (Accounts) 
I am very much familiar with latest SAP System. 
All works related to Accounts. 
Patty Cash Controlling. 
Cash Expenses, Cash Collection, and Cash Report Tally with Cashier on daily Basis and Reconciliation with sap. 
Daily Maintain of production, Cumulative monthly production and finished good closing stock. 
Daily Reconciliation Bank Report, Cash Book, Production, Finish Good Received, Raw 
Salt, Stocks Soggiest Document with SAP. 
M/s/ Parishram Sales Agency. Bhuj - Gujarat CCC of Sanghi Industries Ltd. (1st June- 2007 to 1st August- 2010) 
Career Path: 
Chief Officer (Accounts) 
Ramesh Pindolia & Associates, Chartered Accountant at Bhuj-Kutch. 
(1st April- 2005 to 31st May -2007) 
Career Path: 
Assistant (Accounts) 
To handle all Account & Taxation I have worked as an Auditor at State bank of Saurashtra, Madhapar & Dena Bank, Madhapar since 1st June-2005 to 3st May- 2007 under Ramesh Pindolia (FCA) Cash & Cheques Voucher Checking 
Cash, Bank & Journal Book Auditing 
Academic Qualification: PGDBA (MBA) from Symbiosis, Pune in 2016. 
M. Com. from Gujarat University in 2009. 
B. Com. from KSKV Kachchh University in 2007. 
HSC from GHSEB in 2004. 
Computer Literacy & other skills: 
Worked on SAP ECC 6.0, ERP software, Business Class One V 2005 A & FI Module Operating System XP2002, Windows -2000, Vista, Windows 7, Windows 10. Office Automation Software Microsoft Word, Excel, Power Point and Tally. 
Designing Presentation 
Communication Internet, E-Mail 
MS Windows XP, Vista & Windows 7 Installation 
Salary Details: Drawn Salary : 5.5 Lacs P.A. (Excluding Bonus) 
Expected Salary : Negotiable Personal Details: 
Date of Birth: January 10, 1986 
Marital Status: Single 
Languages Known: Gujarati, Hindi & English PERSONAL SKILLS 
1. Excellent Communication Skill. 
2. Work well under stress time. 
3. Negotiation Power. 
4. Self Confidence. Hobbies 1. Know something new and different every day. 
2. Talk with different people and handle them very well. 
3. Surfing Net & Learning new. 
PROFESSIONAL REFRENCES 
Mr. Prashant Vyas (Assistant Manager) Solaris ChemTech Industries Ltd. At 
Khavda-Kutch Mob. +919427435221 Mr. Ramesh Pindolia (F.C.A.) Ramesh Pindolaia & Associates at Bhuj-Kutch Mob. 
No. +919825662808. 
Mr. Ankur Sabhaya Officer (Dispatch) Sanghi Industries Ltd. Rajkot Mob. No: 
+91 9925163165. 
Mr. Jayesh Sanghani 
Accountant -The India Cements at Surat Mob. No. +91 9099977282 
