 JIMMY KHATRI mayur vihar phase-2 pocket-e flat#663 delhi-110091 mobile#9953546253 uaugh177@gmail.com 
SUMMARY 
Computer literate alongwith strong devloping and learning skills.A quick learner with desire of continous personal growth.Comfortable in interacting with all levels of the organization and public. Excellent problem solving and negotiating skills 
Able to make decisions independently and quickly with minimal escalations.And to contribute the maximum share in the success journey of the organization. . 
EXPERIENCE 
PHP DEVELOPER,I3INDYA 
TECHNOLOGIES . 
delhi 2012-2014 
i3indya 
Technologies 
( A unit of I THREE 
INFOTECH PVT LTD ) with its foundation pillars as Innovation, Information and Intelligence is exploring indefinitely as a Technology service provider and as a Training Organization. deliver workshops on 3D Animation, Ethical Hacking & Cyber 
Security, Robotics, Web Technologies and many more. 
Accomplishments 
Worked in oscommerce website. 
Exposing to various tools and designs. 
Completing projects ahead of deadline 
PHP DEVELOPER, PROTAGONISTS E SOLUTIONS PVT. LTD. 
noida 2014-2015 
Protagonists E Solutions is a company dedicated towards providing a better working environment to its employees. 
Protagonists E Solutions believes in offering hundred per cent employee satisfaction. The management is superbly friendly and employees feel as if it is a second family. 
Accomplishments 
Worked in development team. 
Achieved awards from company. 
During tough times achieved targets Calmed down irate customers 
Received promotions 
Excel books pvt ltd Noida -2015 -2016 
Excel books pvt ltd is a company which deals 
Excel Books is a leading publishing company in New Delhi specialising in management and information technology books. It has a cordial working atmosphere with lot of independence and responsibilty. 
Stress is laid down on accuracy and timely completion of work. 
Sriramsoftware pvt ltd 2016-present 
CBSE 
Degree 2005-2008 PHP,Advance PHP 2008-2009 2012-2015 mca open university 2008-Bachelor of information technology Delhi college management ( punjab university) SKILLS 
Programming Languages: C,C++,PHP,Advance PHP 
Operating system: Windows 
Database: Mysql 
Web Technology: PHP, Advance PHP,HTML, mysql, javascript,xml,ajax,xhtml,css,jquery,bootstrap, angularjs Tools & Packages: Microsoft Office, Adobe Reader 
Certifications: PHP Technology, Advance PHP 
Open Sources:joomla 2.5,wordpress 3.9,drupal 7.0 
Framework:yii2.0 
WEBSITES www.acto.in www.sriramsoft.com www.growthzone.co.in www.anuradharamam.com www.gnxts.com www. email-customer-support.com www.i3indyatechnologies.com www.i3indyaeshop.com www.myspadeal.com www.vpci.org.in www.evarkulpms.com/solar/index.php www.holidayrentals.com www.vacationhomerentals.com www.homeaway.com www. excelbooks.com www.email-technical-support.com www .mgu.edu.in www.tutorpace.com 
REFERENCES 
Available upon request. 
