Jameka Flowers 
Goal oriented, success driven professional seeking to obtain a secure and challenging position with a company seeking an articulate team player committed to supporting company objectives. 
El Paso, TX 79934 
prettyblacj@yahoo.com - 803524-0206 1. Expert people skills 2. Analysis, resolution, escalation, logging and tracking of issues 3. Good organizational and problem solving skills 4. Able to handle multiple tasks and projects simultaneously 5. Quickly absorb and retain new information and procedures 6.Readily to accept challenges meet and exceed all business objectives 7.Proactive, motivated, and goal orientated Authorized to work in the US for any employer 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Sales Assistant Manager 
Acceptance Now - Columbia, SC - 2015 to 2017 
Responsibilities 
1.Provide premier customer service to ensure customers needs are met in a timely manner 2.Close sales cycle by converting referred customers to rent to own agreements 3.Educate customers on price options, features, and benefits of rental agreement 4.Complete appropriate paperwork to ensure customer receives merchandise and partnership store receives payment Accomplishments 1. Reaching and maintaining sales goals 2. Gaining monthly bonus 
Skills Used 
Outstanding customer service Being attentive to customers needs Product Knowledge 
Assistant Manager 
Coposhi - Atlanta, GA - 2011 to 2015 Responsibilities 1. Coached,developed and trained sales team of 15-25 associates to meet and exceed company objectives. 
2. Ability to analyze and comprehend client related issues, while maintaining excellent customer satisfaction 3. Generated and distributed daily, weekly and monthly sales reports 4. Perform human resource task to include hiring , orientation, and payroll of all sales associates 5.Created and maintained training manual that included instructions and procedures for daily tasks and goals Accomplishments 
Increase sales revenue by 30% improving stores profit rank by district to top 15 Skills Used 
Outstanding customer service Team Leader 
SND / Jimmy Jazz - Columbia, SC - 2009 to 2011 Responsibilities 1. Outstanding customer service , customer relations 2. Acting manager in absence of store mangement 3. Coached and trained team of 15-20 sales associates 4. Generated and distributed daily, weekly sales reports 5. Shipments, store transfers, visuals, and weekly markdowns 6. Meeting and maintaining daily store goals and quotas Accomplishments 
Increase sales and store profits 
Skills Used 
Outstanding customer service, team player, marketing Sales Representative 
West Telecommunications - 
Hampton, VA - 2004 to 2008 
Responsibilities 1. Provided outstanding customer service to all AT&T Premier business clients 2. Adhere to current policies, procedure, programs and services offered 3. Upgrade AT&T products an features to best fit clients needs 4. Exceeded above and beyond assign sales quota, while maintaining excellent sales quality 5. Troubleshoot and resolved client DSL and connectivity issues in a timely professional manner 6. Ensured that all calls were handled and closed within contractual time 7. Transferred unresolved technical issues to level 2 helpdesk Accomplishments 
Reaching and maintaining Top sales goals within company and district Skills Used 
Outstanding customer service Retention Specialist 
MCI Worldcom - Newport News, VA - 2000 to 2004 Responsibilities 1. Contacted former MCI clients to regain business 2. Regained customers by offering more competitive calling plans as well as incentives 3. Consistently exceeded and doubled sales quota required by company 4. Probed clients to determine company products that would best benefit customers 5. Handled irate customers to ensure that in the end customer satisfaction was met 6. Performed error free data entry Accomplishments 
Awarded quarterly by Club MCI as top sales associate in retention department Skills Used 
Outstanding customer service, customer relations 
EDUCATION 
Dental Assistant 
New Horizons - Hampton, VA 
2007 to 2008 Diploma 
Warwick High School - 
Newport News, VA 
1997 SKILLS 
Outstanding customer service , Marketing ,sales 
CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES 
DOT Medical Card 
August 2015 to August 2017 
