 GOKUL M.R 
Mobile No: +91-7418420406. 
Email: gokulrajamanickam.93@gmail.com 
Objective 
Seeking a good career in the IT industry and looking for a position where I will be able to use my experience, skills and abilities in a way which offers professional growth in the industry, while being resourceful, innovative and flexible towards the organization. 
Career Summary 
1. 1 Years of competitive experience in IT industry. 
2. Experience in the field of Networking where Planning,Implementation,Administration and troubleshooting are involved with multiple platforms of OS viz.,Microsoft Windows 
7,Windows 8/8.1,Windows 10 and CentOS 6.5/7. 
3. Good knowledge and understanding of the network infrastructure and protocols such as 
TCP/IP,HTTP,etc., 4. Knowledge of install local area network cabling systems and equipments such as network interface cards, hubs and switches. 
5. Diagnoses and resolves end-user network or local network problems,PC hardware problems,e- mail,internet,WLANand local area network problems. 
6. Good work ethics with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 
7. Capable to delve into the new leading Technologies. 
8. Ability to work well in both a team environment and individual environment. 
COURSES 
Completed corporate training for CCNA (2.0), Windows Server (2012 R2) and Red hat Linux (7.0) at KGISL-IMS 
Area of Interests 
System Administrator 
Network Engineer 
Desktop Support Engineer 
Professional 
Experience 
I am working as a System Administrator in C Cube Technologies., Pudukkottai from May 2016 to till now. 
Responsibilities:- 1. Administrating and troubleshooting server (workgroup model). 
2. Manage user accounts and giving share & security level permissions. 
3. Responsibilities to install,set up,maintain network and also configure the peripherals. 
4. Responsible for maintaining network,hardware,software on a regular basics accordingly as per the company policies. 
5. Responsibilities for troubleshooting 
Microsoft windows issues. 
6. Responsible for maintaining the network & network related issues. 
7. Responsible for installation of software s for client basics. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Routing 
- Configuring Static and Dynamic Routing 
Switching - Configuring Vlan. 
Security - ACL(Standard and Extended),Port Security 
VPN, Telnet, SSH. 
IPV4,Subnetting,LAN configuration(Static and DHCP) 
ACADEMIC PROJECTS 
Title: VEHICLE INSURANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM 
Description: The Vehicle Insurance Management System provides a numerous policy for customers so the customer can view all the policy, complete details and benefits about the policy. 
Title: TEXT TO SPEECH CONVERSION IN SMARTPHONE 
Description: The Text-to-Speech Conversion is the artificial production of human speech. A system used for this purpose is called a speech synthesizer. It converts normal language text into speech. 
Academic Credentials 
Degree Year Board/University 
Percentage Class 
MCA 2016 K.S.Rangasamy College of Technology 7.3 CGPA First Class 
B.C.A 2014 Kongu Arts& Science 
College 61.49% First Class 12th 2011 SriAmman Mat Hr Sec 
School 56.33 % Second Class 10th 2009 SPM highSchool 72.8% First Class 
Personal Skills: 1. Comprehensive problem solving abilities. 
2. Easily adapt to the new environment. 
3. Team worker and also a smart worker. 
Personal Information: Father's Name Rajamanickam.K 
Date Of Birth 09-10-1993 
Languages Known English ,Tamil Gender Male 
Marital Status Single 
Pan No BDSPG5816Q 
Address 1/135,Mariamman Kovil Street , Modamangalam(PO),Tiruchengode(TK), Namakkal (DT) 
Tamil Nadu-637304. 
Declaration:- 
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 
Date: Place: Chennai. 
(GOKUL M.R) 
