Adreonnia Watson 
Indianapolis, IN 46214 adreonniawatson@yahoo.com - 317-646-9943 Willing to relocate: Anywhere 
Authorized to work in the US for any employer 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Receptionist 
AMP Restoration - Indianapolis, IN - February 2017 to Present 
AMP Restoration is a roofing company. I am a receptionist for this company. Also I handle payroll. I really enjoy my job, I just would like something where I may get paid better. 
Administrative Assistant 
Pinnacle Partners - Carmel, IN - October 2016 to February 2017 
I worked on two different assignments for this company. I which I worked for Lids Corporation as an escalation representative. The other was for USIC, where I was in the biller department. 
GEICO Customer service representative Emergency Roadside Department - Indianapolis, IN - January 2016 to July 2016 I handled inbound calls from our customers who experience some type of emergency with the vehicle (jumps, tows, flat tires, etc.} and needed help. I setup those services for them and made sure they were able to make it to safety or where ever they needed to go. Also I made sure they were okay because I know vehicle emergencies can be very stressful. 
While at Geico, I received 2 raises because I was at the Top of the Charts for my Training class for having Great Customer Interactions and Quality. 
Correctional Officer Pendleton Reformatory - December 2014 to November 2015 for the all-male maximum security prison. 
Basically I maintain the safety and security of my follow officers and the prisoners as well. 
I supervised there every move to ensure each day was as smooth as possible. 
I did a lot of walking around checking items and a lot of paperwork on each inmate for various Reasons. 
Also while in the CTI training for the position I received an award for Top 5 highest ranking in class. (I came in 4th) CVS (2013) I was a clerk/cashier 
I worked a part time position 
I mainly handled money transactions and greeting our customers with a smiles. 
Also may sure to let them know if they needed anything I would help them. 
Service representative Xerox Company - 2011 to 2013 
I handled inbound and outbound calls for Verizon wireless. 
I handles issues for billing, disputes customers had on statements and miscellaneous issues, all with great customer service. 
While there I did receive a perfect attendance award in training. 
EDUCATION 
Anderson High School - 
Anderson, IN 
2007 to 2010 MILITARY SERVICE 
Service Country: United States 
Branch: Army National Guard 
Rank: Private first class 
I am a 25L, which is cable installer and I cross train with GPS/satellite technical support for government equipment. I run alot of CAT 5 cable and make sure there is open communication between all the branches of services 
