Erikka Richmond 
Professional Administrative Concierge Enrich30@live.com- 214-789-9301 
An Administrative Concierge Professional seeking a suitable organization that rewards quality work and professionalism, while offering career advancements as well development. Possessing extensive experience in supporting and motivating others through teamwork and accountability. Reliable and driven, with strong time management and prioritization abilities. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Front Desk Concierge 
First Service Residential - Dallas, TX - February 2016 to Present 
Developing a rapport with residential owners to understand as well maintain their needs and desires. Monitoring and announcing visitors while controlling access to property. Reviewing access control cameras frequently reporting any suspicious activity. Processing incoming and outgoing mail, answering inquiries, making recommendations, arranging items such as transportation, restaurant reservations, personal shopping and meeting planning. Responding to emergency situations in a timely efficient manner. Directing contractors, routing deliveries, and providing courier services. Maintaining upkeep of all conference rooms, including owner lounge, and associate break area. 
Residential Concierge 
The Ritz-Carlton - Dallas, TX - June 2009 to January 2016 Acknowledging owner correspondence within 24 hours and resolve or refer the opportunity to the appropriate individuals. Always implementing strict security and life safety procedures. Coordinating domestic and international travel arrangements to Ritz-Carlton and Marriott properties including booking lodging and transportation services. Managing office supplies, vendors, and organization of electronic filing system. 
Spa Guest Services 
The Ritz-Carlton, Dallas - Dallas, TX - June 2007 to June 2009 Booking and confirming spa reservations while answering phones within three rings. Promoting hotel brand and spa retail through enrollment to Ritz-Carlton's Loyalty program. Verifying guest payments for spa treatments as well maintain the appearance of spa reception and spa lounge. 
EDUCATION 
Coursework studied in Communications / Liberal Arts 
Texas Southern University - Houston, TX 
August 2000 to May 2003 High School Diploma 
Mesquite High School - Mesquite, TX 
May 2000 SKILLS 
Microsoft Office, Microsoft Outlook, Travel Arrangements, Conflict 
Resolution, Social Media Management, Luxury Guest Service, Organizational Skills 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
As an Administrative Concierge Professional who is highly successful at juggling multiple priorities while delivering superb service. Computer-savvy and organized with strong attention to detail. 
