C. PAVANI 
Phone: 8179660702 / 7207505456 e-mail: 
pavani2135@gmail.com 
Resume 
CAREER OBJECTIVE: 
A challenging position, which allows me to further utilize my existing skills and enable s me to acquire new abilities. 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 
Completed E.MBA from National Institute of Business Management, Chennai. 
Completed B.Sc from Dr. B.R. Ambedkar Open University. 
COMPUTER SKILLS: 
PGDCA 
Type writing English Lower 
Microsoft Office 2007 Knowledge in Tally 6.3 
WORK EXPERIENCE: 
1. Elegant Products Pvt. Ltd., Hyderabad 
Worked as a Administrative Assistant cum accounting clerk from Jan 2000 June 2002 
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Duties may include fielding telephone calls, receiving and directing visitors, word processing, filing, and faxing. 
Organizes and maintains files of records and correspondence of both a routine and confidential nature. 
Responsible for purchase of stationery and Housekeeping materials Types and proofreads reports, correspondence, forms, etc.; may type confidential materials; may use word processing equipment. 
Passing Journal entries of transactions of business. 
Ledger posting of accounts. 
Maintenance of Petty cash book. 
Preparation of Bank Reconciliation Statement. 
Preparing quotations; Follow-up with customers for payments. 
Verifies and posts 
details of business transactions, 
such as funds received and disbursed, and totals accounts. 
Compiles and sorts documents, such as invoices and checks substantiating business transactions. 
C. PAVANI 
Phone: 8179660702 / 7207505456 e-mail: 
pavani2135@gmail.com 
Computes and records charges, refunds, and cost of lost or damaged goods, freight charges, rentals, and similar items. 
Typing vouchers, invoices, checks, account statements, reports, and other records using typewriter or computer and also preparing bank reconcile statements. 
File paid and unpaid invoices and statements. 
Under general supervision, performs a variety of detailed 
accounting duties in accordance with standard accounting procedure Assist in filing Sales Tax documents and in yearly audit preparation Skill in answering telephones, responding to customer needs questions, suggestions and complaints. 
Skill 
in sorting, reviewing, coding, completing, distributing, and/or 
filing routine documents such as invoices, timesheets, and payment vouchers. 
Skill in receiving and processing payments, entering payments into computer, and balancing receipts and payments. 
Skill in taking dictation and minutes; typing and making copies, Taking on some of the manager's responsibilities and working more closely with management 2.Dr. 
J. 
Venkateswara 
Rao, Chief Scientist, Indian 
Institute of Chemical 
Technology, Hyderabad 
Worked as Technician Trainee from July 2002 to 2004 Working on contract basis from 2004 to till date 
JOB PROFILE AND RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Organizes and maintains files of records and correspondence of both a routine and confidential nature. 
Responsible for purchase of chemicals, stationery, Housekeeping materials, etc., through online and offline system. 
Takes oral dictation, and transcribes notes on word processor. 
Perform general office duties such as preparation of reports and performing basic bookkeeping work. 
Update and chase delegated tasks to ensure progress to deadlines. 
Experience in internet browsing. 
Maintains strict confidentiality on all job-related matters. 
Assisting 
senior scientists for conducting various evaluations of the received samples (ISO-9001:2008) and also in the preparation and dispatching of their confidential reports. 
Preparation of project reports. 
PERSONAL STRENGTHS: 
Hardworking, Honest, Trustworthy, Respectful, Positive attitude, Adaptability, Optimistic 
WORK ENVIRONMENT 
C. PAVANI 
Phone: 8179660702 / 7207505456 e-mail: 
pavani2135@gmail.com 
Stress management skills 
Time management skills 
Effective verbal and listening communications skills 
Computer skills including the ability to operate computerized spreadsheet and word processing programs at a highly proficient level 
PERSONAL PROFILE: 
Marital Status : Married 
Language known : English, Hindi and Telugu 
Address for Correspondence H. No. G-3, Sindhu Home Apartments, 
Opp. Venkateswara Swamy Temple, Mangapuram Colony, Moula-Ali, Hyderabad 500 040 
Current Salary : Rs. 20,000/- 
Reference : Dr J Venkateswara Rao 
Ex-Chief Scientist 
CSIR-IICT, Hyderabad 
Ph: 9963772527 
Date: (C. Pavani) 
Place: Hyderabad 
