Page 1 of 3 AGARWAL SHIVAM RAKESH 
Email: shivam_1106@yahoo.in 
Mobile: +91-7021022291/9773329822 Specialization: Finance 
OBJECTIVE Management trainee position in Finance utilizing analytical and communication skills. To add value to the organization and contributes to my overall growth as an individual. 
SKILL SETS 
Quick learner Details Oriented 
Strong communication 
Strong logical and analytical thinking 
Approachable with strong leadership qualities Ability to deal with people diplomatically 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 
Currently pursuing 2nd year MMS from ARMIET College (Mumbai University), 2015-2017 batch. 
BSc Chemistry from Ramnarain Ruia College, Mumbai University, 2013 - 2014. 
HSC from St Xavier s Junior College, Mumbai University, 2008 - 2009. 
SSC from Peoples Education Society, Mumbai University, 2006 2007. 
PROJECT DETAILS 
Digital Payments 
Four Mega Trends Transforming India 
Rise in Adoption of Digital Payments 
The Future of Digital Payments in India 
Digitization of Payments is a Large Opportunity 
Ten Point Agenda for Payment Service Providers 
Call to Action for Banks 
Asks from Regulators and Industry Bodies 
Page 2 of 3 Experience 
Worked with Convergys India Service Private Ltd as Costumer Care Officer from May 17, 2012 to November 19, 2012 Profile - Optus Process of Pre-activations and Relocation. 
Pre-activation 
To provide information about technician s visit at customer residence for hardware installation of home line connection for very first time. 
Relocation 
To provide information if Optus services are available at new residence of customer. If services are available which type of service is available and best suitable for client To pinch client for various packages and providing information on them To feed information provided by client in the database 
Worked with Maitri Technologies Private Ltd from February 1, 2013 to February 28, 2014. 
Profile - Financial Analyst Research on startups using various date sources (available on internet) Digital Marketing 
Business Development 
Worked with Labdhi Enterprises from March 1, 2014 to March 30, 2015 Profile - Financial Analyst 
Helping owner in setting up the business To provide business development ideas Tracking of sales 
Monitoring proper displacement of order Worked with Willis Towers Watson as Trainee Claim Associate from 9th May to 1st January 2017. 
Profile: Claims 
Identifying the right type of risk, policy and underwriter participation after receiving claim from client. 
Setting up the claim on application and presenting it to the underwriter. 
Liaising with client and advocate to provide response to underwriter queries. 
Helping in appropriate appointment of adjuster. 
After all the claim investigation presenting collection or final settlement to the underwriter as per their participation. 
Co-coordinating with leader keeper until funds is transfer to the insured/re-insured account. 
Page 3 of 3 Personal Experience 
Investment in Stock Market 
Trading in equities Trading in options 
Strengths: 
I am a Quick learner with ability to grasp and get acquitted with the new environment. 
I am very much optimistic and don t give up even in most challenging time. 
I am very much confident and have faith in myself and that makes me different from my peers. 
I have ability to get along with people which helps me to maintain good relationship. 
Strengthen ample of learning, ahead in mutual benefit so that I could continuously upgrades my knowledge. 
Team worker: Ability to build a strong team and lead it towards its goal. Ability to understand individual needs and relate the same to the group needs in order to keep the team motivated. 
COMPUTER PROFICIENCY 
Well versed with MS Excel and MS PowerPoint Presentation. 
Internet savvy 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Date of Birth : 11/06/19990 
Address : Thane West 
Nationality : Indian Marital Status : Single 
Languages Know : English , Hindi 
Declaration: I hereby, declare that the above furnished details are true with proven records. 
Place : 
Date : 
AGARWAL SHIVAM RAKESH 
