Manish Chawla 
B-104 Mahalaxmi complex, Haria Park, Vapi. 396195 
Mobile: 7878039395 
manish0319@gmail.com 
OBJECTIVE 
To get employed within my chosen field that will challenge me and that allows me to use my education, skills and my past experiences in a way that is mutually beneficial to both me as well as my employer and most importantly allows for future growth and development. 
My goal is to become associated with a company where I can utilize my skills and gain further experience while enhancing the company s productivity and reputation. 
ACADEMIC DETAILS 
Degree University Percentage Obtained Year of Passing 
B.Sc Computer Science V.N.S.G.U 58.6 % 2015 H.S.C Gujarat University 54 % 2012 S.S.C Gujarat University 76% 2010 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Menka Print and Packs (Jul 2016 to till date) 
Designation: Marketing Associate and Supervisor 
Role: as Marketing associate is to bring new orders from new clients building up relation with them. Ensuring they get convinced with the quality of boxes while looking at the samples. 
And as a supervisor to look after the workers and make sure every order gets dispatched in time with the same quality as promised. 
Reliance Jio Infocomm Ltd (Nov 2015 to Jun 2016) 
Designation: Sales Associate Role: Demonstrating and presenting products, Branding an unknown company to clients, explaining the benefits and positive aspects and dependency. Gaining their trust, assisting with after sales service are the key roles. Apart from achieving sales goals, working in a team, helping team members, being the face value of company, communication, positive attitude are some skills that are inculcating working along Jio. 
Apps Daily Solutions (Dec 2014 to Sep 2015) 
Designation: Sales Executive Role: Convincing customers to get insurance on their purchase of their brand new phones, assisting them with selection of plans and providing them after sales service was the whole and soul role player while I worked as sales associate for AppsDaily. Communication, customer assistance, Greeting Customers, Brand awareness, Relationship building are the key skills that nurtured during the period of my service. 
Xolo Smartphones (Aug 2012 to Nov 2014) 
Designation: Sales Associate Role: Identifying customer requirements, Emphasizing the perfect product within customer's budget, proper comparison of other brands and pitching perfect features that could convince the customer why to buy our products. Budget Analysis, sales planning, meeting sales goal, negotiation, presentation skills, client relationship are few qualities that were developed while working for Xolo. 
COLLEGE PROJECT DETAILS PROJECT: 1 
Title : Cupcake Real Estate website 
FIELDS OF INTERESTS 
Technology 
Travelling 
Computer Gaming 
Music 
Movies 
Sports 
Description : 
A final year project in college chosen to work in group of two members. 
developing a website listing all the houses or lands that are to be sold or rented just like 99acres or magic bricks. 
Duration : 
6 months 
Role : 
Designation the front end of website 
Team Size : 
2 PROJECT: 2 
Title : 
Online Mobile Library 
Description : 
A website designed to give information on all the mobiles launched describing their specifications and showing their recent market value 
Duration : 
6 months 
Role : 
Managing the database and validations Team Size : 
4 verbal communication Teamwork 
Quick learner Logical thinking Flexibility 
STRENGTH 
Prioritizing tasks o Leadership o Motivating others o 
Active listener o Results Achiever 
HOBBIES 
Socializing 
Outdoor pursuits 
Watching movies Exploring computer gaming Listening music 
DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
(Manish Chawla) 
Skills 
