GANDHI PATHIK ARCHITECT + URBAN DESIGNER 
ABOUT ME 
I am a self motivated explorer who has worked on diverse projects in the career of 6 years in the field of architecture at well established offices and organizations. Urban design, creating public spaces in relation to urban context and large scale architectural projects have always interest me. The complex project that deals with multidisciplinary approach to solve the design problem is my key strength. The broader understanding and dealing with urban issues are prevailing through in all my projects that I have worked in professional career. I have worked successfully on various bid projects and competition projects. With my strength in design and creating pragmatic design solutions have enable our team to win many high profile projects. I also posses the holistic understanding between disciplines and co-ordination to handle architectural projects. I am very confident that with my diverse experiences and working attitude, I will be a good asset to your organization. 
Name 
Nationality 
Date of Birth 
Marital Status 
Current Location 
Passport 
Email 
Mobile 
Skype 
Address 
Gandhi Pathik Nimishkumar 
Indian 26.02.1986 Married 
Singapore 
J 9184970 pathik.arch@gmail.com 0065-90089717 pathik.arch 
#14-31,The Tennery, 5A Woodlands Road 
Singapore 677728 WORK EXPERIENCE 
6 YEARS MONTHS 
Senior Architectural Associate 
June 2013 - Present 
I am working on an ongoing architectural project with design Studio. I have worked on various large scale projects and leading series of high-profile competitions in Singapore, including Rapid 
Transit System - SG-JB, Mandai crematorium, the Jurong Lake District (Shortlisted), Jurong Lake 
Garden west (Awarded) and the Toa Payoh Sports Hub (Awarded Feasibility study) . 
While studying at NUS, I was enrolled in the research work with Future City Laboratory on the topography of Singapore. The changing landscape and creating new land form for the future of Singapore was studied with GIS simulations. 
I was enrolled with various architectural and urban design project. I was a key person working to secure the project for the medium size organization lead by the principal architect Pradeep 
Makhijani. 
I was working as junior architect after graduation in Architecture from CEPT university. I was involved on religious complex development project. 
I have worked with organization on the research project held in old city of Surat. UMC has also worked for UNISCO and other organization to seek the funding to protect the urban & historical cores of the cities. 
I was involved in handling various spectrum of architectural and urban design project at small intuitive firm. 
I was involved in teaching as a visiting faculty for three semesters at well recognized CEPT university. 
I was involved in the research project with Prof Prayush Shankar on an independent study on the effect of Internet on architecture and urban spaces. 
Intern, April 2013- July 2013 Architect 
September 2010 May 2012 
Jr. Architect 
January- 2010 - October 2010 Survey 
January-2009 March-2009 
Intern 
May 2006 Nov 2006 Visiting Faculty 
December 2010 May 2012 Visiting Faculty 
December 2010 May 2012 Future City Laboratory ETH Singapore Center (SEC), Singapore 
Pradeep Makhijani & Associates, Ahmedabad, India 
CRDC Center for Research and Development Consultancy, CEPT University. Ahmedabad, India 
UMC - Urban management center, Ahmedabad, India 
Ayan Sen- Architects & Urban Designers, Kolkata, India 
Faculty of Architecture, CEPT University, Ahmedabad, India 
Prof- Pratyush Shankar, HOD- School of architecture, CEPT University, Ahmedabad 
CPG Consultants, Singapore https://www.scribd.com/document/319795415/201607-Portfolio LANGUAGE SAMPLE OF WORK PROFICIENCY 
The Proposed project was presented to government of Gujarat. The project was envisioned with various site conditions and the nature of site. The existing structures were to be demolished on site and the existing full grown trees were saved to create landscape. The poetics of ramp and volume is space creates the entrance area .The functional distribution was according to the interrelationship. 
Distribution of function is such that it opens out in the central space. The emergence of form trough function and cohesive environment makes it the urban block in the industrial area. 
CED, NARODA 
2012 
I PRADEEP MAKHIJANI ARCHITECTS, Ahmedabad 
The Proposed project was presented to government of Gujarat. The project was envisioned with various site conditions and the nature of site. The existing structures were to be demolished on site and the existing full grown trees were saved to create landscape. The poetics of ramp and volume is space creates the entrance area .The functional distribution was according to the interrelationship. 
Distribution of function is such that it opens out in the central space. The emergence of form trough function and cohesive environment makes it the urban block in the industrial area. 
CED, NARODA 
2012 
I PRADEEP MAKHIJANI ARCHITECTS, Ahmedabad 2016 
I CPG , Sin gapore Concept 
The New Mandai Crematorium (NMC) will be located at the site of the existing Mandai Crematorium and Columbarium Complex (MCC). 
It is a standalone facility that will add to the capacity of the existing crematorium, which is expected to be fully utilised by 2024. The Concept Design stage sets out the vision and overall design approach for the project, in response to the objectives spatial experiences at key moments along the ritualised se q uence of spaces. 
MANDAI CREMATORIUM, SINGAPORE 
The urban insert deals with the complexity and challenges that site offers in the program of building mixed used development. The hierarchy of di stribution is based on the site approach from different movement pattern. The massing of the buildings is gradually higher towards the road edge. Ease of pedestrian movement through diverse activities and connection with public plaza c reates a continuous public realm. 
Urban Inse r t , Mixed Used Development 2010 I CEPT UNIVERS TIY , Ahmedabad 
SYNC City Master Plan 
The project was developed for the JTC ,Singapore. It is to develop an ideal silicon velly for the south east Asia where live, learn, play and work exist together. The proposed master plan was a syn chronisation between JTC s One north, internationally recognise university and Singapore polyt echnic. The phy sical syn chronisation of space, green, context , communications and knowledge were the key strength to achieve the desire space for Sin apore s future. The people mover syst ems (PMS) were linked together with public transport. JTC s One north has become an island of q uietness and very prevailing in failure of spaces. These was activated by improvising on connectivity , provision of public spaces, multi-used spaces and affordable spaces for the entrepreneurs. The diversity of community also have envisioned can contribute in activating the space for the future demand and space utilizations. 
SYNC CITY MASTER PLAN - NUS + SP +
ONE NORTH 
2013 
I 
NUS,Singapo re 
ENGLISH HINDI GUJARATI WINDOWS 
Ms Office Mac 
Adobe Photoshop 
Adobe Illustrator 
Adobe InDesign FCP 
Sketch up Rhinos 
Revit 
Viray 
Auto-cad 
OS 
Software 
Drawings & 3D 
EDUCATION QUALIFICATION 
Masters in Art : Urban Design (MA UD) 
National University of Singapore (2012-13) 
Overall GPA- 4.10 Bachelor of Architect (B.Arch) Center for Environmental Planning and Technology: CEPT University (2010) 
Average percentage: 71 % AWARDS EUROCON TILES AWARD GRADUATING STUDENT for highest aggregate for all 9th Semester amongst graduating students. 
2009-10 Awards for Excellence in Architectural thesis 2008, National Institute of Advanced Studies in Architecture (NIASA), Council of architecture (COA), 2008 Pedilite award for best design on optimum space Utilization, (Architectural Studies) for the year. 
2008 Everest ACC award for excellence for best aggregate performance in all architectural design studios 2007-08. 
Somany tiles (Gold medal) awards for highest aggregate of all 9th semester 2007-08 Academic Achievement Award for best studio performance in Fifth year, CEPT University 2007-08 Academic Achievement Award for best studio performance in Third Year, CEPT University 2005-06 Antonio Figuerrado prize for best studio performance in Third year, CEPT University 2005-06 Academic Achievement Award for best studio performance in Second year, CEPT University 2004-05 Rapid Transit System, JB- SG, Singapore CIQ , MHA 
Singapore 
February 2017 - Present 
CPG CONSULTANTS 
The high profile project of RTS, a link between Malaysia and Singapore had started developing since two years ago. 
I got involved in designing the Core facility of CIQ spaces, concourse spaces and some of the secured spaces related to immigration between two countries. My role is to provide ambient that provides the unique experience at one of the gateway to Singapore. I am actively involved in co-ordination between various consultants, security specialist, transport engineering was very essential part of the design process. The history of the development is historically, forested area. The concept of trees and abstraction of it, was carried in the building interior spaces. 
Involvement : 
Meeting with client / agencies Co-ordination with consultants Preparing detail design Tender specifications Mandai Crematorium Complex 
SINGAPORE 
Design competition (Winning entry) JULY 2015 - Present 
CPG CONSULTANTS 
Toa Payoh Integrated Development 
SINGAPORE 
Design competition (Winning entry) Feasibility study 2014 - 2015 CPG CONSULTANTS 
Jurong Lake Garden (W) Project 
SINGAPORE 
Design competition (Winning entry) April 2014 - Ongoing 
CPG CONSULTANTS 
The project started with a design competition. It is a proposal to expand the existing cremation facility to cater for the future death projection. I am involved in the project since the beginning of the competition. After winning competition, the project is being developed by co-ordinating with various consultants. The approach towards the design is modular to achieve the desire nature spaces and efficiency. With very tight site constraints, the spaces have been provided with very subtle environment and maximizing the green spaces to give a respectful departure of deceased while providing peaceful environment for next of kin. 
Involvement : 
Preparing written proposal for the design competition stage Concept design and preparing presentation Co-ordination with various consultants 
Preparing design report Detail design drawings Tender preparation 
The project was to develop a multidisciplinary feasibility proposal of integrations between park, sports and library. 
The site area of 12 ha was proposed to achieve 35 ha of usable space at regional scale for Singapore. Total seven government agencies were involved to steer the project and three different design proposal was made to compare the possibilities, cost implications and feasibilities. I was involved in collaboration and design discussion with oversea landscape architect Gustafson Porter and Sport Architect COX . 
Involvement : 
Preparing documents for the Stage I of competition Preparing three design options for multi used activities driven by various stakeholders such as NParks, Sports SG and NLB. 
3D modeling, rendered drawings and report making for the feasibility study Co-ordination with landscape architect, Sports architect and various consultants Public engagements and focus group discussion Client co-ordination meetings 
The project was to develop a master plan for 60 ha site of Jurong Lake. Various recreational facilities and public amenities are proposed to reactivate the lake front. This project is in line with the move to transform Singapore into a City in a Garden, the National Park Board has identified to redevelopment into Destination Parks. The design elements focuses on creating spaces that are not usually found in public parks. The project was unique in keeping natural elements yet making it more user-friendly and appropriating as public realm. Tranquility, Enhancing biodiversity, reuse of existing buildings and co-existence of nature & man-made elements were part of the design concept in developing the master plan. 
Involvement : 
Preparing master plan proposal for stage 1 of competition Preparing presentation Making 3D drawings Park furniture design Preparing bid proposal 
DETAILED PROJECT LIST 
State-court, SINGAPORE 
July 2014 - Jan 2014 CPG CONSULTANTS 
The Project is an extension of existing state court at china town area in Singapore. The project was at the stage where, the co-ordination between architects, consultants and client on design issues was the key task during my tenure of involvement. The high rise court tower was to accommodate various court rooms, and related amenities to support the growing need of Singapore. 
Involvement : 
Co-ordination with consultants Preparing detail design Science Center 
SINGAPORE 
Competition Entry 2015 CPG Consultants 
Center for Entrepreneurship Devel- 
opment, GIDC, Ahmedabad, India - Winning Design competition- Constructed 2013 
PMA architects Kheta Lake Front Development 
NADIAD, INDIA 
Design Competition 2011 PMA architects 
TRANSFORMING TOPOGRAPHIES 
Research Project 
April 2013 - July 2013 FUTURE CITY LAB - ETH 
Jurong Lake Central 
SINGAPORE 
Competition Entry 2016 CPG Consultants 
LTA HQ SINGAPORE 
Competition Entry 
Short listed 2016 CPG Consultants 
It is a first stage of competition that was proposed by our design team. The over seas consultants EXLORATORIUM was the key partner for handling the project. The sketch proposal and multidisciplinary written proposal was submitted. 
Involvement : 
Preparing Sketch Design 
Preparing report and panels for the competition entry. 
The government project was to develop as an architectural building proposal. After winning competition, the project was developed up to construction stage. The spatial quality of building was envisioned to create spaces for Entrepreneurs. Use of existing mature trees to create landscape was the key strategies in developing site. 
Involvement : 
Preparing design proposal Preparing 3D and Presentations 
Making tender and construction drawings Site visits and coordination with contractor 
The project was a concept proposal made to develop Kheta Lake for tourist destination at Nadiad. The public realm was design by considering the neighbourhood. The proposal also includes the diverse users and various institutional buildings that contribute to the public space making. 
Involvement : 
Preparing Design Proposal 
Preparing 3D drawings 
Preparing presentations 
It was an research project lead by the ETH based organization who is working on Singapore s urbanology. The changing landscape, lands form and urban textures are the key research projects that were part of the research program at FCL. I was involved in studying the historical topographical maps of Singapore and tracing them to generate the analysis. 
Involvement : 
Tracing historical map of Singapore 
Preliminary work on GIS 
The project was an high profile competition project. The project was design in co-ordination with Gustafson Porter as an landscape architect. The project got shortlisted for the second round of submission. 
Involvement : 
Design discussion with Gustafson Porter 
Design development Preparing presentation board for submission 
It was challenging high profile project that is proposed by LTA at Jurong east MRT station. It is to develop a head quarter for the LTA with various agencies like NLB, Sports SG and Community centers. The challenging site was design and developed by co-ordination between Foster & Partner, Arup, PB and many other consultants. 
Involvement : 
Design development for the basement spaces for the LTA HQ 
Co-ordination with traffic engineers Consultant co-ordination meeting Miri Market district development, MIRI, SARAWAK, MALAYSIA 
JULY 2013 - MAY 2014 CPG CONSULTANTS 
The project was a market district development at Miri, Sarawak. It is an initiative that private developer has begun with the government of Malaysia. The unique site is facing South China Sea and it was developed by using local material and local motives in designing a market space. 
Involvement : 
Preparing presentation Handling client meetings Design development Preparing 3D drawings 
Co-ordination with oversea consultants Preparing tender documents Preparing specifications for construction Model School Design 
GANDHINAGAR, INDIA 
Winning Project 
Design Competition 2016 PMA Architects 
Tourist Destination Centre 
SIDHDHPUR 
Design development & Site work 2010 CRDC ,CEPT HABITAT -SHIHOR 
Semester 4 2010 - 2011 CEPT University 
EXPLORATION OF MATERIAL - FORM - STRUCTURE 
Semester 3 2011 CEPT University 
FINAL YEAR 
Semester 9 2011 - 2012 CEPT University 
NATA EXAMINATION 
Supervisor 2011 - 2012 CEPT University 
Community Cum commercial complex 
BHUBANESHWAR, INDIA 
Winning Project 
Design Competition 2011 - 2012 
PMA architects 
The project was a design competition proposal for the model school designing for total 84 school sites in state of Gujarat 
Involvement : 
Preparing design proposal Preparing 3D drawings Preparing presentations The project was a government imitative of creating a tourist destination for people who come for the ritual after mother s death. The design is focusing on fine quality of place making and also accommodates various facilities and amenities for the temple ritual. 
Involvement : 
Preparing design proposal Preparing 3D drawings Preparing presentations The studio required a group of three students to develop the site for the inhabitation for a total of 75 government employees and their families. Of these 50 will be forest workers (working for the care, preservation and study of the reserved forests) while the remaining 25 will be health officers working in the town and the more rural areas around, on issues of public health. The forest workers have a more permanent presence and will be stationed here for up to 5 years with their Families, while the Health workers will come and go as they will be required to move from town to town, and village to village in the district. 
The studio was emphasizing on nature form and structure. In architecture, the expressive quality of built forms is rooted in structure which is essential in making of architecture. Structure orders the distribution of matter. It varies from material to material, allowing for different distributions of mass and void, leading to a variety of textures and grain, light and shadow, scale and proportions. It is from this perspective that structure gives meaning to material. 
The studio systematically explores possibility to learn through forms in nature using realistic sketching and abstract drawing in order to unearth ideas that form the basis of an architectural conceptualization. This studio looks closely at the relationship between material, structure and form. To explore the understanding of this The entire studio is based on various exercises. 
This studio deals with different project of student s choices. Each project is unique in character and emphasize various issues. The design thesis projects were decided by students and as part of visiting faculty member, my role was to guide student to achieve stated objectives for the projects. 
I was involved in NATA examination supervisor for the year 2011 and 2012.Moreover, I was also involved in the admission process for year 2012. 
The project was a competition proposal for the government of Bhubaneshwar to develop a mixed used development for suburban development of Bhubaneshwar. 
Involvement : 
Preparing design proposal Preparing 3D drawings Preparing presentations 
AVAILABILITY 
EXPECTED SALARY 
Pathik Gandhi 
Minimum 1 month notice. Preferred Mid June,2017 
Best of the Market prevailing rate and company standards. 
ACADEMIC EXPERIENCE 
