 A.REINHARD PAUL BONNKE Mobile: +91 9791857784 
E-Mail: bonnkerock@gmail.com 
Entry level assignments in networking and system hardware with a leading organization of repute, preferably in IT sector. 
PROFILE SUMMARY 
B.Sc. (Network and Security) from Kodaikanal Christian College, Kodaikanal. 
Successfully undergone academic project on Cloud Computing on VPN . 
Sound knowledge of Windows server 2012, Windows 7 & 8, Networking and Hardware. 
Abilities in analyzing & interpreting unique problems and logical thinking to find the right solutions. 
Proficiency in grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilizing them in a productive manner. 
ACADAMIC DETAILS 
2017 B.Sc. (Network and Security) from Kodaikanal Christian College, Kodaikanal with 67.3% 2014 
Class XII from Mary Ann Matric Higher Secondary School with 60% 2012 
Class X from Mary Ann Matric Higher Secondary School with 63% 
Other Course: 
Completed course s on Managing Interconnected Network Devices from NIIT, Madurai. 
Completed course on Web Designing. 
Completed course on Creative and Innovation. 
Pursuing course s on CCNA from NIIT, Madurai. 
PERSONAL QUALITIES 
Team work oriented. 
Innovative and proactive in nature. 
Pleasing personality and hardworking. 
ACADEMIC PROJECT 
Title: Cloud Computing In VPN 
Description: Cloud Storage is a service where data is remotely maintained managed and backed up. The service is available to users over a network. The provider company makes them available to the user online by keeping the uploaded files on an external server. As the cloud provides many features it has some drawbacks too. However, while the features are useful for providing basic computation and storage resources, they fail to provide the security and that many customers would like. Security is a top concern among organizations evaluating cloud service providers. This paper describes how secure connectivity to public cloud networks with 
VPN. 
IT SKILLS 
Operating Systems: Windows XP, 7 & 8 and Linux, Windows server 2012. 
Application: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel & PowerPoint), Corel draw, Movie Editor, Web designing. 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
DECLARATION 
I assure you, that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Date: A.REINHARD PAUL BONNKE. 
Place: Madurai Father Name : Ambrose Nixon. D. 
Gender : Male. Date of Birth : 18.07.1996. 
Age : 20. 
Citizenship : Indian. 
Mother tongue : Tamil. 
Marital status : Single. 
Language known : Tamil, English and French (read and write). 
Malayalam (listen and speak) 
