PALANIVELRAGHUL R 
Android App Developer #11, 6 TH CROSS, ANJINIYA TEMPLE STREET, YALAGUNDA PALAYAM, VIVAKNAGAR POST, BANGALORE-560047. 
palanivelraghul1991@gmail.com 
MOBILE : +91-7795652798 
OBJECTIVE 
A Challenging position in Information Technologies with emphasis on Software Development & design, Internet programming, Client-Server application and object oriented Programming Environment. To be a part of a highly motivated team and use my diverse background to obtain a challenging position, Key responsibilities include Analysis, Designing, Developing, Testing, Implementing & Managing mobile-web based applications. 
EXPERIENCE SUMMARY 2.8years Software Engineering Experience in UI Design, Development and Testing in the field of Information 
Technology. 
Good problem solving & analytical skills 
Team player with good verbal & interpersonal communication ability. 
Good Team player and also have ability to work independently. 
Maintaining a good coordinal relationship between the customer and the Management Customer service oriented. 
Quick learner and always look forward to work on new technologies. 
Experienced in the area of UI design, coding & development, testing, debugging, implementation & development and maintenance. 
SKILLS SCRIPTING JAVA FRAMEWORK ANDROID DATABASE TOOL SQLite ANDROID STUDIO, ECLIPSE PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Android Application Developer June 2014 to Sep 2015 
TekAfforde Solutions Pvt Ltd, Bangalore, India. 
Android Application Developer Sep 2015 to till date Remo Software Pvt Ltd, Bangalore, India. 
RECENT PROJECTS 
Afforde ERP App Development & Unit Testing 
IDE Tool: Android Studio 1.5.1 
Technologies: Android Support Libraries, Web service Private Application 
Afforde ERP is a web and mobile application. which is user role based and everything has been configured by admin, Purpose to track information such as purchase, sales, stocks, finance and customer details, helps to follow purchase and sales statistics anywhere at any time, It enables to create order(purchase or sales) if user has permission. Show an overview of finance, purchase and sales detailed report as Daily, Monthly and Yearly on the dashboard page. Its delivers easy-to-use. 
Remo Duplicate Photos Remover 
Development & Unit Testing 
IDE tool: Android Studio 2.2.3 
Technologies: Android Support Libraries 
Launched in Play store. 
Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.remo.remoduplicatephotosremover Remo Duplicate Photos Remover is an easy to use productive app developed to locate, display and delete duplicate photos. The application has the potential to scan and locate similar photos taken in burst mode or HDR photos, resized and similar images on instance messaging application. 
Remo MORE 
Code Maintenance & Unit Testing 
IDE tool: Android Studio 2.2.3 
Technologies: Android Support Libraries, Google API, Web service. 
Launched in Play store. 
Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.remo.remomore 
Remo MORE is an all-inclusive app for monitoring and controlling device activity of any smart phone, PC and 
MAC. This app allows you to monitor your kid s online activity, control their device screen time and locate them when they are out alone. This app helps you to maintain and enhance device performance by keeping memory clean and removing junk files. You can initiate your maintenance from cloud dashboard using 
Boost Now remotely. This app helps you to locate family members wherever they are and can locate their lost or stolen device and even securely erase data on lost device. 
Remo Backup 
Development & Unit Testing 
IDE tool: Android Studio 2.2.3 
Technologies: Android Support Libraries, Google API, Web service. 
Launched in Play store. 
Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.remo.remobackup 
Remo Backup is a secure place for all your files and folder. File that you store in Remo Backup remains safe and you can get them from any smartphone, tablet or computer (PC & Mac). Use the Remo Backup app to access any file from anywhere. With Remo Backup you can sync any files across all device without having to email them, it makes your life a lot easier. 
Remo Privacy Cleaner PRO 
Code Maintenance & Unit Testing 
IDE tool: Android Studio 2.2.3 
Technologies: Android Support Libraries 
Launched in Play store. 
Link: https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.remo.remodroidcleanerpro Remo Privacy 
Cleaner PRO helps you to clean Clipboard, Call log, SMS, Cache and Browser history. From this app you can schedule the auto clean. 
EDUCATION 
Electronics and Communication Engineering 2009 - 2013 with 68% Erode Sengunthar Engineering College, Erode, Tamil Nadu, India. 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
Full Name Palanivelraghul.R 
Father s Name Mr C. Rangasamy 
Gender Male 
Date of Birth 14-Sep-1991 
Marital Status Single 
Passport No L4013038 
Nationality Indian 
Religion 
HINDU 
Language Skill Tamil and English 
Contact Address #11, 6th Cross, Anjiniya Temple street, Yalagunda palayam, Vivaknagar post, Bangalore - 560047, India. 
Mobile No +91-7795652798 Email palanivelraghul1991@gmail.com 
Notice Period 2 Month 
DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Place: Bangalore Date: 
(PALANIVELRAGHUL R) 
