Anjitha M.A 
Resume 
Anjitha M. 
A 
Manalil House, Ochanthuruth P.O, Vypin, Ernakulam- 682508. 
Email: 
anjithaanilma@gmail.com 
Ph : +91 9961 250 818 Objective 
Pursuing opportunity which will allow me to grow professionally, while effectively utilizing my versatile skill set to help promote your corporate mission and exceed team goal Summary of Qualifications 
Extremely motivated and passionate in whatever I choose to do. Strong interpersonal and communication skills and know how to handle and deal with different kind of people and circumstances. Equally effective working independendently and in cooperation with others. 
Educational Qualification 2015 - 2016 2012 2015 Master Diploma in Interior Architectural & Design (Dream zone)(Autodesk Authorised) Bsc Family & Community Science (St.Teresas College,/ M.GUniversity) 
2010 2012 Diploma in Photography (Neo film School Kaloor) 
Experience 
As a part of academics, 1. EXTENSION EDUCATION 
Interview an extension worker to find out his or her role. 
Conduct a survey to find out the role of schools (community organization) in community development. 
Collection, evaluation & preparation of audio visual aids which help in learning and teaching in extension As a part of curricular activity, Prepared & presented a seminar in educational programme for the community development Sthreeyude Arogyam, Naadinte Soubhagyam conducted by the students at Elamkunnapuzha panchayath hall on 30th September 2014. 
2. EVENT MANAGEMENT 
Worked as a planning & organizing member of the event Innovative ideas for safe & smart living which conducted at Elamkunnapuzha Panchayath on 6th February 2015. 
Prepared & present the functional and decorative craft by using waste materials on the above event. 
3. MASS COMMUNICATION 
I. PHOTOGRAPHY 
Participate in photography competition in MG University youth fest Dhwani March 7th 2015 II. FILM MAKING 
Worked as director, assistant director, script writer, Art Director, Actor, production controller for different project of neo film school including Albums, Short films during the year of 2011-12. 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Age & Date of Birth 23 Years, 12/04/1992 Gender Nationality Marital Status 
Blood Group Fathers Name 
Hobbies 
Female Indian Single B +ve Anil Babu M.R Dancing, Gardening, Travelling, Designing, experimentation in arts & crafts, Painting 
SKILLS 
Interior designing: 
Creation of photo realistic 3D objects 
Interior Designing complete buildings with materials, textures and realistic images 
3D Modeling 
Designing 2D elevations and rendering different views for residential and commercial buildings Space Planning 
Drafting Floor Plans and details Designing layouts and plans 
Soft Skills: 
Excellent Proficiency in spoken and written English 
Excellent Inter-personal skills 
MULTIMEDIA SKILLS 
Autodesk 3ds max 
V-Ray for 3ds max AutoCAD Adobe Photoshop 
DECLARATION 
I hereby declared that the above mentioned Statements are true to my knowledge and belief Anjitha M.A. 
