RESUME MANOJ A. KASLIWAL (JAIN) Cell - 91391 71072 Chinchwad, Pune-33 E-mail 
man.jain1906@gmail.com Core Competencies and Strengths 
Great at interpersonal communication, Effective coordinator, excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Versatile sales techniques, win-win attitude, accountability. 
Determined team player 
A work smart, play hard approach. 
Strong networking, presentation, multi-tasking and analytical abilities. 
Energetic Upbeat personality. 
Persuasive, emphatic with good problem solving skills Good knowledge of Microsoft Outlook, PowerPoint, excel and Internet Explorer 
Ability to deal with external and internal customer support in a professional manner Quick learner, detail oriented and ability to adapt to new processes in limited time frame Resume Highlights 
Commerce Graduate with total 15+ years work experience in Marketing & Business development. Good knowledge of current business techniques. 
Career & Job Profile 1) Rabbit Stationery Pvt. Ltd., Pune. 
Aug 2011 to till date. 
Designation -as Business Head (B2B) Work for promotes the business & sales also Maintain strong relationships with key contacts in existing accounts & develop new accounts 
Identify market trends, gaps & niches Comfortable in dealing with senior managements or mangers Communicate with new B2B segments, Modern trades, Pharma Companies, OEM Companies and Develop new products. 
Promote Business to locally and globally Development of new ideas, promotions, events. 
Can identify threats as well as opportunities Ability to win and retain long term high quality clients as well as recurring business Manage Orders & dispatches. 
Email, teletalk, personal visits for B2B company customers. 
Doing various government & non-government tenders. 
Handel team of more than 4 executives. 
2) DREAM S Advt. & Mkt., Pune. Jan 2009 to July 2011 Designation -as A.S.M. 
Do various kinds of sales, marketing & customer service work Promotions for hospitality, food chain, software sales, amusement parks, automobile industries & many more, doing the work for B2B & B2C also. 
Structure of work to support executives for sales & marketing. 
Do direct marketing in corporate sales, commercial sales, customer to customer etc. 
3) Chintamani Agencies, Chalisgaon (Jalgaon) 
Feb.2002 to Dec.2008 
Designation -as Marketing Executive 
Work for pharmacy Sales & Marketing, B2C & B2B Marketing. 
Professional Objective 
A dynamic, achievement-oriented business professional is seeking a position that will fully utilize experience and education in Promotions, Sales and Promotions Analysis, Marketing. 
A strong leader with ability to motivate and inspire associates to achieve their maximum potential. 
Self-directed and self-motivated, desiring a career avenue that will provide a challenging opportunity to significantly contribute to a company's marketing operation and growth. 
Educational Qualification 
B.Com from YCMOU Nasik. 
Personal Profile 
Gender : Male 
Date of Birth : 19th June 1980 
Address : 13, Kakade Nagar Wing A, Tanaji Nagar, Chinchwad, Pune 411 033, INDIA. 
Marital Status : Married 
Hobbies : Reading (current affairs), Searching for new Creative Things. 
Language Known : Marathi, Hindi, English. 
Declaration 
I have declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge & I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars. 
Place: - Pune 
Yours Faithfully 
Date: - Manoj A. Kasliwal (Jain) 
