mRS
.VRushali Savant 
Mobile: +91 9764177553 / +91 8888823920 ~ E-Mail: vrushi33@rediffmail.com, vrushi33@gmail.com. 
Seek to establish a challenging career at a senior level position in a reputed organization that would provide an exposure to synergize my Human Resource skills and professional expertise with its objectives. 
Organizational Development 
HR Management 
Recruitment / Selection 
Performance Appraisal 
Performance Management 
Employee Counseling 
Relationship Management 
Team Management 
HR Professional with 8 years of experience in handling Human Resource Management, Recruitment, Compensation & Benefits , Performance Management 
System, General Administration and Team 
Management. 
Experience in managing modern HR Systems with deftness in maintaining harmonious relations among management & employees through administration and resolution of employees grievances. 
Proficient in overseeing the entire HR process including Human Resources Planning, Recruitments, Salary Administration, Employee Welfare and Employee Relations. 
Extensive experience in general administrative activities, personnel management, policy implementation and facility management services across assignments. 
Strong ability to master a situation quickly, possess adequate knowledge in a wide variety of professional disciplines. 
A keen communicator with the ability to relate to people across all hierarchical levels in the organization . PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS 
Currently working with Apex Multicons Pvt Ltd, Shivajinagar Pune as a Sr HR Administratorsince July 2015. 
CAREER CONTOUR 
Kamalraj Properties, Pune Mar 2011- Jul 2015 
Sr. HR & Admin Executive 
Asterix Hotel, Pimple Saudagar, Pune 
Jan-10 - Jan 11 Morarajee Textiles, Nagpur 
Dec05 - Jan 09 HR Officer KEY DELIVERABLES: 
HR Management: 
Conceptualizing & implementing policies for HR, personnel, welfare strategies for handling employee unrest, as per policies and the vision, mission and companys policy for management. 
Ensuring proper joining and exit of employees (includes exit interviews & Full and Final). 
Overseeing the induction/joining of employees day to day basis and the settlement of employees day to day basis. 
Planning and budgeting the organization structure and its hierarchies from top to bottom based on competencies and job description. 
Creating forums to resolve the issues/concerns/difficulties at appropriate level. 
Giving feedback to the top management regarding the organization motivation and satisfaction survey and its analysis and suggest appropriate measures. 
Ensuring all hygiene factors is available all the time to all employees. 
Recruitment & Resourcing: 
Managing the complete recruitment process for sourcing the best talent from diverse sources after identification of manpower requirements. 
Planning human resource requirements in consultation with heads of different functional and operational areas and conducting selection interviews. 
Supervising staffing, recruitment, conducting induction and orientation program, contract negotiations, discipline, policy and procedures and retirement programme for employees. 
Performance Appraisal: 
Coordinating in formulation & implementation of annual increments, incentive & other remuneration policies. 
Managing Performance Appraisal process across all levels and establishing positive framework for substantiating process linked to Reward Management. 
Understanding various observations and through feedback assessing leadership, managerial and supervisory styles and its impact on OC. 
Releasing annual increment policy based on benchmark of the industry in the region. 
Training and Development 
Conceptualising & effectuating training & development initiatives for improving employee productivity, building capability and quality enhancement with the help of Training institutes. 
Identifying training needs across levels through mapping of skills required for different roles and analysis of the existing level of competencies. 
Coordinating with MR in implementing T&D Master plan in order to achieve targets. 
Carrying out pre-training, training and post training activities as per QMS and business plan. 
SCHOLASTICS 
Msc ( Microbiology)) from S P College ( Nagpur university) in 2005 
B.Sc. from S P College ( Nagpur University)in 2003 12th from Janata College (Maharashtra State Board of Secondary & Higher Secondary Education) in 2000. 
100th from Lokmanya Tilak Mahavidyalaya (Maharashtra State Board of Secondary & Higher Secondary Education), in 1998.. 
IT SKILLS 
Conversant with, Office Automation (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) & Internet Application. 
PERSONAL DOSSIER 
Date of Birth: 3rd August 1982 
Address: Kawade Nagar, Near Mayur Colony New Sangavi Pune 400 014. 
Languages: English, Hindi and Marathi, Sanskrit 
Marital Status: Married 
