 Sudipta Das sudiptatexstyle@gmail.com | 9475227113 | Jawpur,Dumdum, Kolkata-74, WB 
Male, DOB: 08/10/1988 PERSONAL STATEMENT 
Consummate professional seeking management position in sales, marketing and business development role in a reputed company. 
EMPLOYMENT 
Trainee Assistant Manager | ABP Pvt. Ltd. 
Newspaper Sales and Distribution Dept I Kolkata, West Bengal | (July2016-Jan 2017) 
Creating and maintaining readers base for 
The Telegraph newspaper by direct sales and also agency sales. Managing sales team for direct selling. Managing renewal sales team for repetitive sales to repeat customers. Communication with agency for agency channel sales. Conducting few events and activities related to 
The Telegraph branding and promotion. (eg:The Telegraph Hand In Hand 2016). 
Key Achievements: 
Increasing productivity of sales representative to 1.5cheques/ day from the projected 1 in case of newspaper subscription. 
Engaging 10 more RWA agents from previous year for branding and promotional activities for The Telegraph Hand In hand2016 Event. 
Increasing sales pitching quality of sales peoples by proper training and monitoring. 
After getting information about HT s market withdrawal, converted 90% of HT readers to 
The Telegraph by vendor tracking and free sample distribution. Planned and implemented in a very short time before other competitor can take action. 
Graduate Textile Engineer | Arvind Ltd. | 
Weaving Dept, Santej,Ahmedabad, Gujrat | (June2012-Feb2014) 
Managing shift wise production of weaving shop floor. Assuring quality of production by proper maintenance of machines and coordinating with quality assurance team. 
Key Achievements: 
Increased productivity of coarse yarn fabric with minimum damage by customizing m/c settings. 
Scheduled a time saving allotment on shifting duties for supervisors and workers. 
Designed a cost saving computer program which can minimize the effect due to production variance. Till today it is been used in the dept. 
Started a computerized inventory monitoring system. 
KEY SKILLS 
Technical Skills 
Good with numbers having a strong engineering background. 
Sufficient knowledge on engineering , operations and manufacturing Managerial Skills 
Strong communication skills. 
Good presentation skill acquired by institutional training. 
Comfortable with Microsoft excel and other office softwares. 
Have a good attitude to work with a team. 
Personal Skills 
Analytical skills for problem solving Adaptability when new technique is introduced. 
EDUCATION | University Of Calcutta | Indian Institute of Social Welfare and Business Management, Calcutta University, Kolkata 
MBA | 1ST Class 
Completed Masters of Business Administration with specialization in Marketing Management and special subject on operations management and marketing research. 
Internship: BMA Wealth Creators. Recruiting new agents for franchise for business. Introducing new investors for stock market investment. 
West Bengal University Of Technology, Kolkata 
Textile Engineering | 1st Class 
Detail four year course of Textile Engineering with technical and practical classes on spinning, weaving, chemical processing, and textile design. 
Final year project: Analysis of Aesthetic Property Of traditionally weaved fabric at Viswabharati, University. 
Industrial Training: 1. Gimatex Industry Ltd, Nagpur. Special training on weaving m/c and process. 
2. Bhaskar Denims, Bhopal. Full introductory training on all textile and garmenting depts. 
Government College Of Eng & Textile Technology, Berhampore. 
B.E | Textile Engineering | DGPA-7.9 | 1st Class 
Berhampore Krishnath College School, WBCHSE, CLASS: 10+2, GRADE: 64%(1st Class) 
Berhampore J.N. Academy, WBBSE, CLASS: 10, GRADE: 74% Diploma degree in Computer Hardware &amp; Networking (from Youth Computing. An initiative of Ministry of sports &amp; Youth affairs W.B). 
Got first prize inter district essay writing competition (organized by Ministry of Information &amp; Culture) Data Analysis Certificate from Data Brio. (SPSS, SAS, R tools used to do basic analysis) 
PERSONAL INTERESTS 
Magazine and book Cover Page Illustration (digital). Desktop Publishing design. 
Article Writing 
Watching film of different perspectives and different languages Playing acoustic guitar, when free. 
Signature 
