CURRICULUM VITAE 
Jayaprakash Arumugam. 
No. 15D/4 Shanthi Nagar 2nd Street, M. H. Road, Perambur, Chennai. 
Tamil Nadu 600 011. 
Mobile: +91(0) 98847 47493 
Email Id: jp.whatsonindia@gmail.com 
Career Objective: 
To pursue career in such organization at responsible position that can enhance my working skills and emphasize me to achieve goals of the organization. 
Last Worked Organization: 
Company: Gracenote. 
Designation: Executive Electronic Content/Production and Admin. 
Period: Oct 2013 07th April 2017. 
Company Profile: Media/ Entertainment Data. 
Job profile: Administration and EPG. 
Electronic Programme Guide (EPG): 
Live Monitoring on Tamil / English Sports TV Channels. 
Editing, updating and maintain high quality, accurate and relevant programming information across allocated channels. 
Perform QA (quality assurance of listings and images) on CMS. 
Accurate edited information according to EPG styles and standards. 
Communicating effectively with STB Operations. 
Update and maintain accurate series linking on CMS. 
Managed relationships with channels Data Accuracy and Quality: 
Identify and resolved broadcaster & operator mismatches. 
Track & manage received information effectively. 
Programming schedule accuracy by reducing manual errors. 
Avoiding duplicate entries & EPG errors. 
Administration Experience: 
Arranged for executives travel and accommodation. 
Schedule meetings and prepare appropriate agendas for meetings and conferences. 
Maintained inventory of office supplies and ensured that supplies are ordered on time. 
Ensured that office equipment is in running smoothly and arranged for equipment repairs and maintenance. 
Arranged and distributed incoming mail, faxes and emails. 
Previous Organization: 
Company: Brainstorm Innovation and Research Pvt. Ltd. 
Period: Administrative Executive. 
Duration: Oct 2008 to Mar 2013. 
Company Profile: Market Research 
Job profile: Administration. 
Administration Experience: 
Maintain data base, prepared salary pay slip. 
Issuing of Offer Letter and Appointment letter. 
Issuing Reliving Letters & full and final statement of existing employees. 
Standardized the joining formalities process of new employees (Welcome circular, Introduction, Emp Code, ID Cards, Stationary, Official Email Account, Reference check, Time 
Sheet etc) 
Handling various issues/queries, complaints, grievances. 
Maintain Appraisal Details (Half Day, Leave day, late days, productivity etc.) and forwarding it to the CEO, CFO and Chairman for the further procedure. Salary Processing and Distribution of Salary. 
Time office, Security, Stationery, Transport, Discipline, Garden, Canteen Management, 
Housekeeping, Pest control and General Office Administration, e.g. logbook Management, Drinking water facilitate management electrical and mechanical and plumbing, space management, minor repairs (Carpentry, masonry, furniture, painting etc 
Travel management: 
To book Railway, Air, Bus ticket, Hotel Booking and Office boy Management. 
Maintaining cordial relation with our associated clients, agents and venders. 
Specialization in handling back office operations, inter-office correspondence, confidential mails, quotations, monthly Billing, cheques & Banks: 
Effectively Maintaining of Petty Cash, Providing administrative & billing support to the account department. 
Visits bank and handling banks related work, eg. Heavy amount cash, cheque deposits or withdrawal, NEFT, RTGS and etc. 
Previous Organization: 
Company: Vetri Software India Pvt. Ltd. 
Designation: Data Entry Operator. 
Period: Oct 2006 to Sep 2008. 
Company Profile: BPO (MNC) 
Job profile: Data Processor. 
Responsibilities Handled: 
PDF File is converted into XML File. 
UHC (United Health Care) Projects. 
HCFA (Health Care Financial Administration) Claims. 
UB92 (Uniform Bill 92) Keying, Verify in the Groups GB, GC, CB, CC & EZ. 
Analyze customer reported errors and give feed back to the Operators. 
Study the specification given by the customer to maintain & deliver quality. 
Use control charts to measure the in-house product quality Obtain project knowledge from the trainers to check the outgoing product quality. 
Personal Information: 
Date of Birth: 14th October 1984 
Sex: Male 
Marital Status: Single Nationality: Indian 
Linguistic Proficiency: English, Tamil, Hindi & Malayalam 
Hobbies: Listening Music, Pencil drawing & Playing Cricket 
Educational Qualification: 
B.Sc. IIIrd Class from University of Madras, Chennai (TN) year 2010. 
Extra Curricular Activities: 
Basic Knowledge of Computer MS Word Excel, Internet, E-mail, Operating System Window XP, 95 08. 
Declaration: 
The above information is correct to the best of my knowledge. 
Date: 
Signature Place: Chennai, TN, IND. 
(Jayaprakash A.) 
