Annesha Bharadwaj #26/2, KCHalli Main Road, JPLV, 
Date of Birth: 23.03.1983 Flat-2248, Bangalore 560076 Mobile: +91 9663259595 
E-mail: annesha23@gmail.com 
Skype: Annesha24682 
Profile Summary: ITIL Professional with 10 years experience seeking challenging assignments to facilitate the utilization of my skills and progressive expertise in making a positive difference to the organization. 
Specialties: 
Service Level Management, People Management, Project Management, Client Relationship Management, Key Account Management, Business Development. Handled WFM (Mod Team) and Inbound Contact Centers (Voice), ITIL Framework (Incident, Problem and Change Management). 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AXA Business Services. 
May14 to Mar15 
Assistant Manager 
Responsible for closure of open tickets within SLA 
Managing Tickets that were raised based on the situation and the issue 
Checking on the number of people affected for the issue If the server was down for database (company specific) set up Bridge calls Bridge calls were set up between Engineering Team, Database Management Team, Server Team, IT Team and all others who would be involved to get to the confirmation of Issue 
Ensure that follow up would be done every specific interval to update the state holders or clients before the SLA closure Check and Prioritize the Issue as per P1 incident 
Then catering to the Problem Management Team for raising a problem ticket as per the criteria Managing Transition, Service Delivery and Implementing Service Improvement Plans 
Client Management, Planning and review 
Daily reporting to Management, Client & Periodical review Financial Approvals on Purchased products and ensuring Monthly Billing 
Preparation and publishing of periodic MIS reports related to SLA, Performance, Trends etc. to all Stake Holders 
Periodical review with all Stake Holders on business performance and SLA achieved Managing Team of 20 including Call Center & Service Desk Team 
Managing End to End Service delivery 
Atria Convergence Technology 
Apr13 to Oct13 
Assistant Manager 
Managing key Clients for the Organization. Currently 85% of the revenues of the company Handled a team of 50 members Governance of field delivery team of 200+ and a team of 20+ service desk engineers 
Prepare a Project Plan, Communication Plan, etc. and present to customer and track the Status and ensure project is on track as per Plan 
Client engagement to understand the requirements, Client culture, Study on the existing setup and Requirements gathering Coordinate and Manage internal, external vendors and customers to complete the Project work as per the Project schedule 
Ensure implementation of processes for all services covered in the SOW, timely escalation on non-compliance to Program management Conduct weekly review meeting with the team and identify gaps - take corrective action for improvement Work closely with Service Delivery Team to ensure Service Level/reporting deliverables are aligned with client SLR, Contracts and SLA 
Track critical or major incidents to closure and share RCA with customers; Ensure SIPs are executed as per agreed timeline to enhance the C-SAT for the projects Preparation and publishing of periodic MIS reports related to SLA, Performance, Trends etc. to all Stake Holders 
Periodical review with all Stake Holders on business performance and SLA achieved Track and monitor performance of Key Accounts through regular interactions with Customer contact points Maintain strong client relationship and develop new business from existing clients. 
Support Pre-sales team on solution presentation, bid management and proposal creation 
Chalking out various revenue models for the customer and business and commercial models 
Conducting Regular training programs for existing staff in the areas of Customer Service and Operations 
Convergys. 
Sep12 to Dec12 
Assistant Manager/Team Leader 
Primary interface for local escalation management with regards to customer escalations Support potential customers by providing details on product and service related queries; suggesting information about other products and services Prepare product or service reports by collecting and analyzing customer information Inbound sales Or Up/Cross sell new product and service opportunities Manage and develop relationship with existing & new customers Projects as Assistant Manager/Team Leader 
Execution of PDS System for On Call Support assistance Execution of Call Back for the enterprise Customers/Clients 
Implementations of CBI systems for Interview as part of HR Business 
Transition of Global market and Pan India 
Key Customers Handled: 
Tata Group 
Vodafone 
Microsoft 
AXA Global 
Airtel 
HP 
Hewlett Packard (HP) Pvt Ltd. Dec08 to May11 
ASG, Remote Escalations 
(Enterprise) Supervisor/Team Leader 
Handling technical escalations from all HP Partner sites located globally. 
Provide technical solutions through calls and chat for various HP centres for diagnosis of all hardware and software related issues. 
Authorise and create Hardware services for HP Desktops systems for HP partner sites. 
Auditing closed cases for all HP global partners. 
Ensuring incident Closure, managing quality at the same time. 
Analyse cases handled by Enterprise. 
Analyse Non-Satisfactory surveys for all HP global partners. 
Auditing validation of service order authorised by the team. 
Provide after service call backs to customers to check issue resolution. 
Monthly review and monitoring done as per process requirement. 
Maintained team data on performance basis. 
Prompt feedback provided on streamlining different process for the team. 
Managing Service Level(SLA) as specified by clients 
Co-ordinated and provided training on different product updates 
Maintained a team, to support for all product related information, gave feedback, trained, supported for all technical difficulties Worked as an escalation co-ordinator, handled escalated calls and service tickets for the team. Co-ordinated with the engineering team for resolving the incident or getting a work around to fix the issue. 
Was responsible for raise master ticket TAT that was given to fix or get a work around for the issue. 
Ensured Quality and issue prioritization have a TAT and getting it resolved. 
Achievements at HPCSC as an ASG-RE 
Assignments/Projects 
Assisted On-site Agents, SME and Team Leads with product knowledge and shared best practices to enhance customer delight and provide resolution for technical queries in the shortest possible time. 
Active day-to-day participation to improve scores in relation to CSAT, TPR and reduction of DSAT surveys. 
Monitoring Live calls for Agents and SME for technical and process knowledge. Updating all with the latest HP process and educating them on the usage of various support tools like Logic Flow, Document Search, Traceability, and TechPort and HP home page. 
Educating and enabling them to understand the criticality of using Remote Control support on calls to improve customer delight and ease of troubleshooting using the application. 
In-house: 
Interview Panel member for selecting new members for Remote Escalation Team. 
Eight of my mentees have joined Remote Escalation team. 
Won multiple quarterly e-awards awarded as recognition for excellent performance. 
Dell International 
Apr06 to Jan08 Senior TSR - EMEA 
Providing technical support to (EMEA) customer's over telephone for its various issues on products. 
Product line was Portables. Providing end-to-end support for software and hardware. 
Creating service options for customers for specific hardware failure, after isolating the issue. 
Provided prompt, accurate, and respectful support to users, employing high degree of customer-service skill and technical expertise while ensuring customer satisfaction. Troubleshoot issues related to internet, Wireless, routers, browsers and TCP/IP, hardware and software troubleshooting. 
Isolation of Issue as per the scenario. 
ClientLogic - ITC InfoTech Apr04 to Aug05 
TSR EarthLink Providing Customer support for Microsoft users for product activation. 
Promoted as senior CSR for product activation. 
Providing knowledge and support to new agents. 
Was promoted as Senior Tech support in ISP for EarthLink, A US based giant ISP. 
Identify and troubleshoot issues related to broadband connectivity. The Client was EarthLink. 
Job role involved was to Identify, analyze and troubleshoot internet related issues with Internet (dialup, narrowband and broadband). 
Provide accurate support to users, employing high degree of technical support expertise at the same time ensuring customer satisfaction. 
Isolate issue and Raise fault tickets with EarthLink. 
EDUCATIONAL & PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS BSC in Information Technology 
Training and Certification 
ITIL V3 foundation 
ISO/IEC 20000 
ISO/IEC 27001 
Language Proficiency: English & Hindi 
