JAYAKAR CHANDRAN 
Contact: +91-9900465063 
(M), +91-80-25431367 
(H)), | 
E-Mail: jayakarc@icloud.com Strategic Business 
Planning | Sales & 
Marketing | 
Business Development 
| 
Profit Centre Operations Business expansion specialist with pioneering success in applying extremely effective business management philosophies, devising catapult company s visibility into marketing management to a phenomenal extent with exceeding industry demand globally n PROFILE ABRIDGEMENT 
An effective leader with deep industry experience of over 26 years in achieving continuous growth in sales volume, market share year-on-year and top-line and bottom-line profitability in healthcare industry. 
Growth driven professional with introducing new products in the market and initiating volume based sales incentive program. 
Successfully developed business to promote products as a value adds service to lock the customer for a long-term relationship. 
A keen planner & strategist with expertise in spearheading the entire business & profit centre operations with key focus on overall business profitability by ensuring optimal utilization of resources. 
High-performer motivator with designing new sales and marketing techniques for accerlating business growth. 
Demonstrated excellence in formulating and implementing tactical initiatives to achieve business strategic goals; resourceful in establishing a reliable and effective network of dealers/ distributors and channel 
partners to escalate sales levels. 
Meritorious professional record, achieving professional and organizational success in every endeavor; effective communicator, brilliant collaborative and problem solving skills, ability to relate to people at any level of business and management. 
Proficient in utilization of CRMs including Goldmine, SAP and Salesforce. 
CORE COMPETENCIES 
Strategic 
Planning | Revenue Generation 
| Profit Center Operations 
| 
New Market 
Set-ups 
| Profitability & Cost 
Analysis | Market 
Research | 
Product/Brand 
Promotion | Distribution, Networking & Communication | People Management 
n 
H E A L T H C A R E E Q U I P M E N T 
E X P O S U R E 4 Sate of the art Respiratory Therapy Equipment, Penlon Anesthesia Delivery and monitoring Systems, Transport Ventilators, Dornier ESWL systems, LISA Urological lasers, Olympus Surgical & endoscopy products, EMS Urological ISWL systems, BK interventional Ultrasound Scanners, Johnson and 
Johnson Ortho Clinical Diagnostics VITROS range of Automated High Capacity Systems for Biochemistry and Immunodiagnostic Testing, Space-Labs range of Patient Monitoring Systems, 
Valley lab range of Electro surgery Systems /Ultrasonic Surgical Aspirator Systems 
, Masimo range of Pulse Co-Oximetry 
and Capnography 
/ 
Gas Monitoring / Brain Function 
Monitoring / Remote Monitoring Systems , LMA Airway Management Systems. 
n 
N O T A B L E 
A C C O M P L I S H M E N T S 4 At Erkadi Systems, ensured growth of direct and indirect sales of ICU Ventilators and Anesthesia Work 
Stations across India using customized business solutions and sales management areas to improve service delivery. 
4 Formulated strategies, implemented plans, created opportunities and capitalized on market shifts 
4 Introduced and implemented 
a 
Distributor Score Card to monitor business performance of distributors across South Asia 
and assisted individual distribution team to achieve their business goals. 
4 Successful in achieving 100% target during FY 2013, 2014 and 2015 with maximum product mix, 
100% increase in revenue in the neighboring markets in FY 2013 and highest value of government orders received in the Sub Continent in FY 2015 with Masimo. 
4 Achieved improvement in profitability by introducing product lines that are cost effective for both Indian and Sub Continent market by strategically reducing marketing costs and thus maintained inventory. 
4 Increment in business volume from 3 to 18 key accounts that resulted in exponential sales growth with Johnson & Johnson. 
4 Instrumental in reviving the dry chemistry business for the company in Karnataka by securing high value business from two premier institutes in Bangalore with Johnson & Johnson. 
4 Rolled out performance recognition and 
volume based sales incentive program with the help of improved sales efficiency of the sales team via. 
Sales training and field effort. 
4 Conceptualized entire sales, service and general administration team for South India with Healthware Private Limited. 
4 Succeeded in identifying and appointing productive distributors in strategic locations across India and Sub Continent for maximum market penetration thus increased sales revenue within short span of time with Masimo. 
4 Took initiative to develop a joint strategy for large volume orders and ensured recognizing high performer members and motivating low performers for achieving the targets. 
4 Distinction in analyzing 
new product need 
to counter competitor activity escalated the need to the corporate and launched the product 
well within the stipulated time. 
4 Guided distribution team on domestic and international product training sessions once a year at 
pre-decided time frame. 
4 Successfully adapted from Direct Sales to exclusive Distributor management vertical. 
4 Essayed in handling multiple product range with the shortest learning curve with ease. 
4 Awarded with: Ortho Silver Achiever Award (National Award) from Johnson and 
Johnson Ltd. Menu 
Addition Champion 
(Asia Pacific Award) from Johnson and Johnson Ltd. n 
E M P L O Y M E N T 
C H R O N I C L E 
Erkadi Systems as Country Manager ( Sales ) 
May 2016- Apr 2017 
Masimo Medical Technologies India 
Pvt. 
Ltd. as Distribution Manager - India & 
Sub-Continent Mar 2013-Jan 2016 Healthware 
(P) Ltd as Regional Manager (South India) 
Jan 2006-Feb 2013 Ortho-Clinical Diagnostics, Johnson & Johnson Ltd. as Zonal Manager 
Nov 2001-Dec 
2005 KEY RESULT 
AREAS 4 Building a pipeline with business sales and development strategy, leadership management, 
taking initiatives, interacting with clients for business and contract administration. 
4 Managing overheads & profitability as well as developing and implementing comprehensive marketing plans covering the target market for multiple locations. 
4 Designing 
and directing 
promotions/ launches in sync with regional characteristics along with strategic business plans for the business unit; ensured compliant business growth. 
4 Establishing goals, short-term budgets and developing business plans towards achievement of the goals. 
4 Monitoring performance of the unit and tracking productivity like volume and growth. 
4 Setting-up new business, developing product concept, executing plan, determining ROI and managing market survey. 
4 Devising & implementing pre & post marketing activities for the successful launch of new ventures/ products. 
4 Appointing & networking new franchisee in the region, 
resulting in deeper market penetration and wider market reach with accountability of achieving sales targets as per their productivity. 
4 Building brand focus in conjunction with operational requirements; ensuring maximum brand visibility. 
4 Providing leadership, managing long term plans, identifying risks, opportunities, and options. 
4 Creating product concept, launching strategy, executing plans, determining ROI as well as managing market survey, testing, distribution & pre & post launch promotions for new product launches. 
4 Identifying and developing new streams for long-term revenue growth and maintaining relationships with customers to achieve repeat & referral business. 
4 Managing large teams as well as mentoring & guiding the team members; ensuring their overall development. 
4 Developing and directing the implementation of policies and procedures to ensure that the company complies with all health and safety and other statutory regulations. 
4 Developing healthy relationships with key account s 
decision-making teams and 
working closely with the business development and delivery teams to provide specific input to the customer. 
n 
P R E V I O U S 
W O R K E X P E R I E N C E 
Allied Health Care Products as Asst Manager (Customer Support) 
Jul 1999-Oct 2001 Moulana Hospitals, Kerala as Senior Biomedical Engineer 
Jul 1995-Mar 
1999 
Medical Trust Hospital, Cochin as Biomedical Engineer 
Jul 1991-Jul 1995 MOSC Medical Mission Hospital, Kerala as Instrumentation Engineer 
Dec 1989-Jul 1991 n 
S C H O L A S T I C S 
P O R T F O L I O 1989 
Post Graduate Diploma in Medical Instrumentation Technology from Bharathiar University, Coimbatore 1988 
Masters in Science in Applied Physics 
(Instrumentation Engineering) from Bharathidasan University, Tiruchirapalli 1986 
Bachelor in Science (Physics) from Madurai Kamaraj University, Madurai n 
P E R S O N A L C R E D E N T I A L S Date of Birth: 03/07/1965 
Address: B - 3, 
East Wing, Grace Garden Apartments, Hennur Main Road, Bangalore 
43 
Language Proficiency: 
English, Hindi, 
Tamil, Kannada & 
Malayalam Passport Details: H8495554 (Valid till 27.10.2019) 
