Debarun Pal Email +91-9650237667 
Portfolio +91-9163043634 
LinkedIn 
FULL STACK WEB APPLICATION DEVELOPER 
Extensive experience in executing full life-cycle development projects; ramping-up projects within time, budget and quality parameters, as per project management and best practice guidelines. 
PROFILE SUMMARY 
A result-oriented professional with 1 Year and 9 Months of experience in Web Application development for large scale software systems in transportation and e-commerce industry. 
Insightful knowledge of Core Java/J2EE, LAMP and MEAN Application Stack, N-Tier Architecture and Creational Design Patterns (Factory and Singleton). 
EMPLOYMENT DETAILS 
Software Engineer, Zepo Technologies Pvt. Ltd, Mumbai. (8th Dec, 2014 
22nd Apr, 2016) 
Main Role: Investigate and troubleshoot product related bugs reported in defect tracking system. Resolve the problems faced by the users within agreed time limits by bi-weekly sprints. 
Product Lifecycle: Understanding and gathering functional and change requirements, outlining strategies for product architecture and developing high level technical design. 
Project Management: Analyzing and identifying business requirement gaps with cross platform teams to chalk out and deliver the modified solution. 
System Administration: Monitoring application performance and implementing optimizations. 
Release Coordination: Management and providing post-release production support. 
Build Testing: Create test plans, define and manage UAT and manage build configuration. 
DevOps: Making automatic deployment scripts. Experience with Continuous Integration tool: Jenkins. PROJECTS: 
1. Data Analytics: Integration of Intercom for Customer Engagement and Feedback. 
2. Business Analytics: Integrating Pipedrive API with Zepo to collect user details at every point. 
3. Revamping Stock Module along with introduction of a new feature, bulk edit of products. 
4. Optimizing Orders Module by retrieving data from No-SQL caching mechanism, Redis. 
5. Introducing pin code serviceability module on product detail page for better UX. 
6. Maintenance of Logistics CRM Module used for monthly billing to customers for shipping. 7. Ingestion and creation of different API end-points for streamlining product workflow. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS: (Major Java 7 and Core Java) 1. Java EE Web Component APIs: Servlets 2.3, JSP 2.0 and JSF 2. 2. Java EE Business Components: EJB 3 & JPA2. 
3. Java EE Resource APIs: JDBC, JMS, JAX-WS and JTA. 
4. Frameworks: Spring 3, Struts 2, Laravel PHP (only for Logistics CRM Module) 5. ORM Framework: Hibernate 3. 6. Web Development: HTML, JavaScript (Knockout, Underscore), jQuery, JSON, AJAX, REST. 
7. Build Tool: Ant, Maven 3. 8. Platforms: Linux 9. Web Server: Apache. 10. Cloud Computing Services: Rackspace, AWS (Cloud Front CDN). 
11. Scripting Language: Shell Script. 
12. Databases: MySQL, Redis. 
13. Search Indexing: Solr. 
Software Systems Engineer, Sure Taxis, Kolkata. (21st July, 2014 
28th November, 2014) 
To understand, monitor and document the needs of the business and develop technological solutions that will address them in the short-term and long-term. 
To ensure the timely delivery of technological solutions in line with the business priorities. 
To re-engineer business technological applications for both internal and external infrastructure management. 
To coordinate with drivers in pushing out the apps and providing end support to them for debugging performance hindrances. 
To collect data about customer response time, calling team up-time, follow up time and device ways to improve them through TQM Methodologies. 
PROJECTS: 
1. Developed a Customer Referral System using PHP and MySQL in the Backend which increased customer response by 5% and enhanced branding by 10%. 
2. Fabricated the Backend Customer Grievance Module using OTRS. 
3. Delivered the new Job Manager using Angular.js for the Customer Care Executives which increased team productivity by 3%. 
4. Debugged and Documented both Android and J2ME Driver Tracking App. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS: (Major Java 6, J2ME and Core PHP) 1. Front-end Web Technologies: HTML, WordPress, AngularJs, ExpressJs, NodeJs. 
2. Scripting Language: PHP. 
3. Databases: MySQL. 
4. PHP Frameworks: Code igniter, Laravel PHP. 
5. Java Mobile Framework: Java ME, J2ME. 
TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Web Technologies: BackboneJS, Bootstrap, Handlebars. 
Scripting Languages: Python. 
Software Version Control: GitHub, Bit Bucket. 
EDUCATION 
2012 
B.Tech (ECE) Faculty of Sci. & Tech, ICFAI University, Dehradun 57.80% 2007 
Class XII (ISC) Indira Gandhi Memorial Sr. Sec. School, Kolkata 66.00% 2005 
Class X (ICSE) 
Indira Gandhi Memorial Sr. Sec. School, Kolkata 72.00% REFERENCES 
1. Raunak Zatakia, Operations Manager, TaxiForSure, Kolkata (ex-Operations Head, Sure Taxis) 
Email: raunakzatakia@hotmail.com. Mobile: +91-94335 48336 2. Suman Saurabh, Team Lead (Head of India Cloud Division), Gilbarco-Veeder-Root, Mumbai (ex-Senior Software Engineer, Zepo Technologies Pvt. Ltd.) 
Email: sumansaurabh47@gmail.com. Mobile: +91-95550 96488 3. Ravi Kant Sachan, Senior Software Engineer, Zepo Technologies Pvt. Ltd. 
Email: raviksachan@gmail.com. Mobile: +91-99303 75158 
I hereby declare that all the information provided herewith is true to the best of my knowledge. 
