Resume
 
I 
Sumit Buttan 
Mobile: + 91 98116 06098 
House No.: 105, Tower F, Wembley Estate, Sector 49 & 50, Rosewood City, Near Sohna Road, Gurgaon, Haryana 122002; Email: sumitbuttan@gmail.com 
Brief about Myself: 
I am an MBA (in Marketing & Information Technology) and Bachelor of Hotel Management. 
More than Sixteen years plus of intensive experience in Hospitality Industry, with specialization in Sales & Marketing oriented functions, with wide and successful experience in the management of Corporate Sales & Marketing services of hotel businesses in domestic and international markets through development and implementation of strategic plans of various reputed organizations. 
An excellent communicator with business experience in market research and sales. 
A hands-on problem solver with a high rate of achievement and an appetite for new challenges. 
Capable of working independently with minimum directions. 
Confident of achieving hardest targets set by the management and take the organization to new heights. 
Professional Qualification: Two years' PGDBM course (M.B.A) from New Delhi Institute of Management, Tughlakabad 
Institutional Area, New Delhi in the year 2000. 
Bachelor of Hotel Management (B.H.M) 3 years degree course from Maurya Institute of Hotel 
Management, Bangalore University in the year 1997. 
Academic Qualification: Higher Secondary (12th) from Mamta Modern Sr. Sec. School, Vikas Puri, New Delhi in 1994. 
Main subjects: Accounts, Mathematics, Economics, and Commerce. 
Present Work Experience: Presently associated with Planners and Vacations A corporate Travel & Event Management 
Organization, Gurgaon in a capacity of Director - Sales & Marketing since November 2012 till date. 
Company Profile: Planners & Vacations is a leading corporate travel management consultancy that blends pan India with local, flexible and personal service. Planner & Vacations is one of the fastest growing corporate travel management company and expanding rapidly through strategic acquisitions. 
Through our vast network, the P&V creates value for companies large and small, by guaranteeing time and cost efficiencies in their travel management. P&V provides end-to-end solutions that include expense management, 24/7 emergency support, traveller security, online technologies and best fares of the day. P&V also offers specialist services such as event management and entertainment travel logistics. 
By partnering with respected travel leaders in each city / state, and company will continue to expand their network. P&V is the travel manager of choice for some of the most prominent companies in India. 
Job Description: 
Designing of new marketing strategies which can take the organization to new high levels in it s own segment. 
Carry out the promotional activities as per the approved marketing plan that take organization s customer satisfaction. 
Resume 
II 
Carry out research to identify market opportunities through different marketing support channels. 
Analyzing the market share and implementing the described marketing campaigns. 
Responsible to retain existing customers by different marketing channels to achieve the budgets of organization. 
Overseeing the market trends that revealed from competitors so they do not target our client database. 
Enhance organization customer image by developing and maintaining company reputation. 
Ensuring that organization is marketed in targeted territory as per the marketing plans. 
Past Work Experience: Royal Orchid Group of Hotels, North India; January 2012 to October 2012 I was associated with Royal Orchid Group of Hotels in a capacity of Associate Director Sales. Royal 
Orchid Group of Hotels is an organization engaged in the management of Five and Four Star Hotels all over India. Royal Orchid Hotels is into Business Class as well as Leisure hotels along with contemporary, chic & intimate superior five star Services. 
Job Description: 
Responsible for developing, organizing and planning marketing strategies as well as polices to support sales & marketing objectives. 
Coordinating between operations and sales for effective advertising campaigns involving specialized marketing activities, such as target clientele, costing of product, marketing budget and time frame to full fill the campaign. 
Executing and planning the scenario of annual marketing reach and objectives. 
Carry forward the goals and objectives of organization to reach high level of customer satisfaction. 
Investigation to identify market opportunities through different marketing support channels. 
Designing the marketing budgets and implementing on those to achieve the level of organization standards and policies. 
Brand introduction in targeted territory as per the marketing schedule and planning. 
Focusing on brand profitability while forecasting and predicting the goals of the organization. 
Park Premier Hotel, Gurgaon; April 2009 to January 
2012 
I was working with Pride Park Premier Hotel, Gurgaon in a capacity of Senior Manager Sales & Marketing and Heading the Sales & Marketing Department. A Unit of Punihani International is an organization engaged in the management of Four Star Deluxe Hotel. The Park Premier is a Business 
Class hotel along with contemporary, chic & intimate superior five star Services. The group is also engaged in other source of revenue generation. 
Job Description: Forecasting and implementing of brand profitability that company should grow in future. 
Regularly and strategically implementing of marketing activities to promote our brand in other competition brand territories. 
Ensuring regular follow-up of brand value and visibility/product knowledge in existing market. 
Developing and implementing marketing policies & procedures as per the organization standards. 
Analyzing the past reports to identify market opportunities through different marketing support channels. 
Resume 
III 
Preparation of fresh contracts for the company in accordance with current business and pricing conditions. 
Enhancing and assisting the senior management with finical year marketing budgets, strategies to accomplish organizational goals. 
The Galaxy Hotel, Gurgaon; June 2007 to March 
2009 
I was associated with The Galaxy Hotel, Gurgaon as a Business Development Manager. CAPL Hotel & SPA 
Pvt. Ltd. An organization engaged in the management of Five Star Deluxe Hotel. The group is also engaged in various other sources of revenue generation. APRA Motors carries its own brand image in the entire capital region for one of the leading automobile brand in the market, i.e.; Maruti Car s. 
Job Description: 
Primarily facilitate the implementation of marketing strategies and plans for achieving higher revenues for organization. 
Plan and develop all marketing activities through different targeted channels and look forward for prospective clientele for organization. 
Work and assisting senior management in making financial year budgets as well as sales & marketing strategies. 
Developing and implementing marketing policies & procedures as per industry norms. 
A thorough examining previous couple of year s reports to identify market opportunities. 
Focused reporting on all market trends, activates and situations through daily, weekly and on monthly basis. 
Executing and planning marketing strategies on quarterly basis. 
Carry out and implementing the approved plans of marketing activities. 
Developing a business relationship with clients in existing territories. 
Previous Sales & Marketing Experience with company profiles: Shervani Hospitalities Limited; May 2006 to May 2007 
I was associated with Shervani Hospitalities Limited at its corporate office at New Delhi as an Manager Sales & Marketing. Shervani Hospitalities Limited is an organization engaged in the management of Four 
Star Deluxe Hotels & Resorts. The group is also engaged in Mexican Chain of Pub & Restaurants at Delhi and NCR by name of Rodeo . 
Shervani, New Delhi is promoted & known as Boutique Business Class 
Property and where as Shervani Hill Top, Nainital is famous for finest garden resort at Uttranchal. The resort is spread over in four acres of land with unmatched recreational facilities. 
Best Western Resort Country Club; December 2003 to April 2006 Worked with Best Western Resort Country Club at their Corporate office at New Delhi as Manager Sales & Marketing. Best Western Resort Country Club is an organization engaged in the management of Four Star Deluxe resort at Gurgaon, Haryana (Near IMT Manesar). BWRCC is one of the finest resorts in and around NCR and is spread over 60 acres of land with lot of recreational facilities and 104 elegantly appointed air-conditioned double rooms, suites and accurate venue for meetings & conferences. 
Best Western Chain of Hotels; August 2002 to December 2003 Worked with BEST WESTERN at its regional office at New Delhi as an Assistant Manager Sales & Marketing. BEST WESTERN is a chain of hotels with its properties located at various cities in India, South Asia and Middle East. 
Resume 
IV 
Nirula s Corner House Ltd. (HFSC); July 2000 to July 2002 
Worked with Nirula's India Pvt. Ltd. at their corporate office in New Delhi as an Executive Sales & Marketing. Nirula's is a renowned chain of fast food restaurants and hotels in India. The organization managing company's owned properties and as well as its franchised properties in India. 
Training / Summer Jobs Experience: 
Undergone eight weeks summer training at Domino's Pizza, New Delhi in their Sales & Marketing Department from May 1999 to June 1999. 
Worked with 
Vacation Club International , Panchsheel Enclave, New Delhi on part time basis during the course of MBA for two months from January 1999 to February 1999. 
Worked with 
TGI Friday's , Vasant Vihar, New Delhi in F&B Production Department (Mexican section), from December 1997 to August 1998. 
Undergone eight weeks of summer training at Ashoka Hotel, New Delhi 
(ITDC Ashok Group of Hotels) in their F&B Production Department (Indian section) form may 1996 to July 1996. 
Undergone eight weeks of summer training at New Delhi, Hilton Hotel in their F&B Service 
Department and F&B Production Department from May 1995 to June 1995. 
Personal Details: Date of Birth : 16th October 1976 Marital Status : Married 
Permanent address : Sector 05 / 376, Vaishali, Ghaziabad, U.P 201010 
Date: 
Sumit Buttan 
