Career Summary ~ Highly enthusiastic and a career oriented professional. I always believe in honesty and hard work. The work environment always demands of high energy level and diligence, which I never shy away from. In addition, I would also describe myself as a true team leader. Multitasking and dealing with many different people simultaneously is a skill I have developed quite thoroughly over the years . 
Experience Snapshot Carfirst.com 
Senior Business Development Executive August,2016 to January 2017. 
Auto Genie.pk Corporate Manager Sales Dec, 2015 to June 2016. 
Rocket Internet AG (Carmudi.pk) Business Development Specialist July, 2015 to Nov, 2015 Key Account Manager April, 2015 to June, 2015 Business Development Executive October, 2014 to March.2015 
Sales Support Officer July.2014 to September, 2014 
Sajid Brothers Engineering Ltd. Gujranwala Sales Executive (1 year) August, 2013 to March, 2014 Kampala private industries limited Sialkot, Pakistan Sales Executive (4 years) November 2009 July 2013 District Office (Budget & Finance) Gujranwala, Pakistan National Internship Program (1 year) September 2008 October 2009 
Responsibilities 
Retaining 90% of the clients every month by collecting revenues against the assigned targets. 
Completely responsible for delivering personal service to all the customers in the portfolio. This include AAA, AA and A category customers. 
Account Management of all the Toyota and Suzuki 3s Dealers in Gujranwala & Sialkot Preparing Dealers 
Weekly performance sheet and taking actions accordingly. 
Responsible for the development of new business and managing key accounts for long term relationships. 
Responsible for the brand activation of Carmudi.pk in Gujranwala & Sialkot. Also take initiatives for novel marketing activities. 
Organized Car dealers conference 2014 and discussed the annual plan of Carmudi.pk with the dealers. 
Responsible for analyzing the sales trends for Carmudi.pk and identifying the weak spots of the business. Moreover, formulating proactive strategies for the sustainability of the business. 
Honors & Achievements 
Champion of the Quarter Carmudi Pakistan 
February 2015 Awarded the "Best Business Development Executive of the Quarter in Pakistan and received cash Prize and Shield. 
Carmudi.pk Rocket Internet AG 
July 2014 June 2015(1 years) Lahore 
Joined Carmudi.pk as the Sales Support Officer but looking at my stellar performance in the first 3 months, I was promoted to the Business Development Executive position and then again after 6 months I was promoted to 
Account Manager and then reporting directly to the Managing Director carmudi.pk Personal Skills 
Full commitment to work Quick Learner 
Team Player 
Proactive and Fast Learner, with Strong Communication and Leadership Skills 
Ability to work under pressure Great Problem Solver &Willing to Learn new thing 
Excellent communication skills able to liaise confidently with senior management 
An excellent level of attention to detail Able to work on your own initiative and to tight deadlines. 
Able to take responsibility for actions and outcomes and persist despite obstacles Customer Service Support 
And Training Courses 
Education &Qualification 
Master of Business Administration (Finance) 2 years University of Arid Agriculture , Rawalpindi Pakistan 
