 ANAND KUMAR MISHRA Adrs:- 3F / 489, Ground Floor, Sector-3 
Vaishali, Ghaziabad, UP-201010 
Mob: - 8447870899 / 9990030948 
E-MAIL:-akmb4u@rediffmail.com 
Objective : To be an asset by adopting and contributing to various challenges, values and expectations for mutual benefit. 
Work Status : 
1. Sr. Operation Executive in Snap Deal.Com 
(2.01 Yrs.) 
Managing overall operation of WH from Inward, QC, Inventory, Picking, Packing and Shipping till Returns. 
2. Operation Executive in Choudhary Labels Pvt. Ltd 
(6.01 Yrs.) 
Tracking and planning from Receiving to Delivery and maintaining store per vendor requirement 3. Sampling Coordinator in Rashi Wears Pvt. Ltd. 
(3.00 Yrs.) 
Control sample and quality per pre-set guidelines with enough stock age and submit reports. 
4. Service Coordinator in Adonis Electronics Pvt. Ltd. 
(3.00 Yrs.) 
Maintaining growth of CRC and handling after sales service for 20 major electronics brands 
Qualification 
: Diploma in Electronics from K.B.T.E May 
(2002) 
B S C from Bhagalpur University, June 
(1998) 
Intermediate from B.I.E.C, Patna, May (1995) High School from C.B.S.E, May (1992) Completed CCNA from NIIT, June (2009) 
Expertise 
: Supply Chain Management, Warehouse Management, Quality Analyzing, Logistics Management, Inventory Management, Vendor Management, E-Commerce, Order Fulfilment, Team Management Work Experience : 
1) 
As Sr. Operation Executive in Snap Deal.Com / Gurgaon from 11.02.2015 till 31.03.2017. 
Managing PAN INDIA packaging material availability, consumption and planning for FC. 
Working for PAN INDIA PACKMAN ADHERANCE (100 %), INDISCIPLINE CUTOFF (5%) and correction tracker. 
Managing overall operation of WH from Inward, QC, Picking, Packing, Shipping till Returns. 
Implementation of modern inventory management system via Cycle-counts, Sample Checking, Stock audits to maintain proper levels and avoid building up of dead/slow moving stock Managing, Innovating, Implementing steps for performance of WH and Team members so that entire workforce ensures maximum output is achieved. 
Train / Update warehouse team on SD needed quality parameters and Prepare Backup. 
Handling In-bound / Out-bound Quality, escalate if any, work to reduce QC TAT < 2 Hrs. 
Implement packaging guidelines, via checklists reduce error, prepare requirement, track, procure, update daily consumption/received packaging materials to Ensure 100% usage. 
Prepare various reports to highlight Achievement / Workable areas / Suggestion. 
Administer WMS concept in WH, including FIFO & LIFO concept. 
Ensuring proper equipment usage with timely maintenance of assets. 
Have set strict compliance steps towards expectation / implementation / adherence / audits to SD guidelines, joined in QALITY field but am looking after entire WH OPERATION so was selected BEST QUARTER EMPLOYEE. 
Looking at consistent dedication was selected to HO TEAM to look after PAN INDIA PACKMAN and PACKAGING SKU 2) 
As Operation Executive in CHOUDHARY LABELS Pvt. Ltd. / New Delhi from 01.12.2008 to 31.01.2015. Planning Receiving to Delivery timetable per vendor requirement Overseeing the procurement, ordering and packaging process Tracking Raw and Ready Products, Vendors, Orders and ensuring enough stock in stores. 
Carrying out In-line, On-line, Mid-line and Final inspection to ensure quality merchandise per AQL. 
Track test reports to ensure that they are within lab testing parameters. 
Monitored hired WH staff, issued work assignments and proper tools leasing. 
Ensuring implementation of work ethics and discipline among team members so that there are no conflicts within the team, whereby people are encouraged in taking initiatives. 
Performed per preset targets and expectations as no major failure OR rejection was reported during this entire period, joined as trainee and later was looking after entire operation. 
3) As Sampling Coordinator in Rashi Wears Pvt. Ltd. / Noida from 10.11.2005 to 30.11.2008. 
To control sample and quality per pre-set guidelines 
Implementing and Explaining buyer fit comments 
Guiding pattern makers / sample charge in pattern correction 
Arranging enough stock in stores to meet sudden demand Drive training improvement plan for the executive Proactively identify the gap in the process and resolve the same. 
Implementation of quality steps at all stage from sourcing to shipments Making report of samples and keep track of sample schedule. 
Achieved all preset compliance accurately so was promoted to floor support and later floor in charge during this period. 
4) 
As Service Coordinator in Adonis Electronics Pvt. Ltd. / Maharashtra from 01.10.2002 to 31.10.2005. 
Handling after sales service for 20 major electronics brands. 
Ensure process adherence and timely resolution on daily basis. 
Forecasting the Issues impact and plan the roster capacity accordingly. 
Responsible for proper Establishing / Functioning / Operation installation of CRC. 
Maintaining, Innovating and tracking various reports reflecting growth of CRC. 
Arranging Training and performance reviews to monitor Development and Improvement. 
Motivating team to ensure building customer relationship for higher customer retention. 
Joined as Trainee , in two years got promoted as area in charge taking care of entire Vidarbha and Marathwada. 
Computer Knowledge : Basic knowledge of MS- OFFICE, Computer operation and Internet 
C. T. C : Current - 3,94,000 Lakh/Annum PAN 
: ASPPM3134L 
Languages 
: English, Hindi, Angika. 
Interests and Activities 
: Reading Newspapers / Magazines, Traveling 
PERSONAL 
INFORMATION Father s Name : Dr. 
A. K. Mishra Date of Birth 
: 27th August, 1976 Sex 
: Male 
Marital Status 
: Married 
Religion : Hindu ANAND KUMAR MISHRA 
