Ritesh Kumar 
Phone:+91-9590493522 
BTM 1st Stage,9th 
A Main,560029 Email: rit3sh.raina@gmail.com 
Career Objective: 
To contribute to the success of an organization by fully utilizing my skills and knowledge in the field of development in a position offering continuous growth and development. 
Professional Summary: 
1 year of experience in Java Technologies 
Hands on experience in Java,J2EE, Servlets, JSP, JDBC, Hibernate 
Object Oriented Development OOP. 
Good working knowledge on Software development as well as testing. 
Good working idea with team collaborative. 
Hands on experience of Eclipse tool for developement of Java projects. 
Hands on experience Jboss and Tomcat web servers. 
Professional Experience: 
Currently working as a Software Engineer in 6d Technologies, Bangalore from June 2016. 
Working as a Software Engineer in Six Dee Telcome Solution Pvt Ltd, Bangalore from june 2016 Scholastic Profile: 
B.TECH Computer Science from Magadh University in 2014 with an aggregate of 73.44%. 
12th Standard from S.N.A.College Barh(Patna), Bihar, Magadh University Bodh 
Gaya, with aggregate of 50% in 2008 10th standard from Secondary Education 
Board, with an aggregate of 60% in 2005. 
Technical Knowledge: 
Operating System : 
Windows 7/8/8.1/10 
Primary Skills : 
Core java,Servlet,JSP, Hibernate,Html 
Languages : Java Scripting Languages : JavaScript,Jquery,Ajax 
Web Servers : 
Tomcat 5/6/7/8,Jboss 
Database : Oracle 11g,MySql IDE : Eclipse 
Experience Summary: 
Presently I am associated with 6d Technologies India as a Software Engineer since June 2016 to Till Date. 
Project #1: 
Client : USSD 
Environment : Software Programmer 
Role : Software Developer Duration 
: Dec 2009 to till date. 
Description: 
Unstructured Supplementary Service Data is a Global System for Mobile(GSM) communication technology that is used to send text between a mobile phone and an application program in the network.We have developed many features in the USSD for multiple clints.In this USSD We have added multiple features communicating with the phone and an application program in the network. 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
I achieved working experience as developer as well as tester. 
I understood the Clint side requirements and worked as well. 
Developed the Code as per the requirements. 
Involved in developing the Jsp pages. 
Handled different types of issues. 
Testing and integration testing of owning use cases. 
Modify existing software to correct errors. 
Consult with customers on project status, proposals and technical issues. 
Analyzing software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints. 
Prepare reports and correspondence concerning project specifications, activities and status. 
Environment: 
Tomcat 7 core java,Servlet & Jsp,Hibernate,Spring(UI validation) 
Tools: Eclipse Mars2,Toad 7.7,Notepad++,log4j,SQL developer 
Project #2: Client : Inventory Management System 
Environment : Software Programmer 
Role : Software Developer Duration : Dec 2009 to till date. 
Description: 
The Inventory Management Application is used to update the inventory count and also helps the users to understand the inventory requirements and quantity of the products are left in the system and also what quantity to order. It also helps us with identifying how many goods that are there in the inventory are damaged Roles & Responsibilities: 
I achieved working experience of writing good java code as developer and maintained the database. 
Developed the Code as per the requirements. 
Involved in developing the Jsp pages. 
Handled different types of issues. 
Testing and integration testing of owning use cases. 
Modify existing project to correct errors. 
Analyzing software requirements to determine feasibility of design within time and cost constraints. 
Consult with customers on project status, proposals and technical issues. 
Prepare reports and correspondence concerning project specifications, activities and status. 
Environment: 
Tomcat 7 core java,Servlet & Jsp,Hibernate,Spring 
Tools: 
Eclipse Mars2,Toad 7.7,Notepad++ 
Personal 
Strength: 
Hardworking, Confident and Innovative. 
Ready to Accept Challenge 
Well Disciplined Good Communication 
Quick learner Personal Information: 
Name: 
Ritesh Kumar 
Date of Birth: 
5th May 1990 
Gender: 
Male 
Father Name: 
Umesh Prasad Singh 
Mother tongue: 
Hindi 
Nationality: 
Indian Languages Known: English, Hindi 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Place: 
Bangalore 
Date : Ritesh Kumar 
