 Santosh Chakre has over 10+ years of experience in Global IT industry worked in US and India on various domains like Telecom, Retail and Automotive as Technical Lead. Worked in different technology like IBM Mainframe, Informatica, Pig/HIVE and Data Analysis/Text 
Analysis - Predictive modeling using R. 
Telecom, Retail, Automotive IBM Mainframes(COBOL, DB2, JCL, Endevor) , Big Data (Pig/HIVE), Text Mining and Predictive Analysis using - R, JDA CC, JDA EIA, JDA Demand and Fulfillment, JDA IKB, As400 Basics. 
R language - Text mining and predictive analysis 
Mainframe languages 
COBOL, COBOL-DB2, JCL, Endevor 
Big Data Languages PIG, HIVE 
Knowledge on Other Languages - JAVA, C, Shell Script 
Database like DB2, Oracle, IKB Database s Ability to produce realistic Software Schedules, Project Management, Business Analysis and Development, Data management, Data strategy, Data modeling Excellent proficiency and ability to coordinate and communicate with different team, Senior Management and Clients 
Initiated Knowledge Management activities on Domain and Application Knowledge and Working on the Training Plan. 
Project Planning, Scheduling, Management, Monitoring and Control 
Collect and prepare metrics like Effort metrics, Schedule metrics and Defects metrics 
Preparing various status reports and dashboards - WSR, DSR, Metrics, Resource allocation etc and presenting to the Senior Management and Client Stakeholder. 
Completed BIG Data training from Capgemini Internal program - Basic and Advance 
Trained 30 resources on Mainframe (Capgemini Internal Training) Completed training on Big-Data - Hadoop from Edureka. 
Completed training on R -Analytics from Edureka. 
Completed PEGA-CSA (Certified System Architect) training Completed Capgemini Internal Training on Diploma in JAVA 
Completed Capgemini Internal training on Cassandra 
Providing Big Data training to Internal resources Received Project star award in Manheim Auctions during Q2 2016. 
Received Project Star award in LOWES - Q2 2011. 
COLA Collection Online Access Project bagged Wall of Fame award in Qwest from onshore technical director. 
COLA Collection Online Access project is recognized as one of the best project in Qwest Bangalore. Very much appreciated by the Client and Onshore team. 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
Technology 
Languages and Database 
Domain 
Management and Leadership 
Training and Certification 
Awards and Recognition Santosh Chakre 
EMAIL 
sschakre@gmail.com 
MOBILE +91 91489 91956 
Current Company 
Capgemini India Pvt Ltd. 
Bangalore/ Capgemini US LLC, USA as Senior Consultant since July 2010 
PRIOR EXPERIENCE 
Qwest Telecom Software 
Services (CenturyLink), Bangalore from March 2007 till July 2010 as Senior Software 
Engineer. 
Indian Institute of Science (IISC) as Project Assistance from Oct 2005 till Feb 2007 (Non IT) 
EDUCATION 
Master in Technology in Product 
Design and Manufacturing in 2005 Bachelor in Mechanical 
Engineering in 2003 CLIENT EXPERIENCE 
Manheim/COX Automotive 
LOWES QWEST (CenturyLink) ONSITE EXPERIENCE 
Worked as Data Lead for 
MANHEIM/COX Automotive 
Title Management and CDT project at Atlanta (USA) from April 2015 till Sept 2016 
Worked as Onsite lead for 
LOWES Long term Inventory 
Request (LIR) project at Mooresville(NC) from Dec 2014 till March 2015 Worked as Onsite Data 
Coordinator for LOWES IPE-II (Demand and Fulfillment) at Mooresville (NC) from June 2012 till April 2013 
Santosh Chakre +91 91489 91956 
sschakre@gmail.com 
Incident Ticket Analysis using R- PROJECT DETAILS 
Currently working on Incident ticket analysis using Predictive modeling - R. 
Project Duration: From Dec 2016 till date Software and tools used: 
R Coding language with R 
Studio 
Incident Ticket analysis is part of Capgemini Analytical COE (Center Of Excellence) where different Incident tickets are analyzed and run against prediction model to classify tickets and predict the resolution of the ticket is similar issue arises in near future. Text mining and ggplot are used to come up with data analysis and visualization. 
Roles and Responsibility: 
o Loading the data, cleaning the data o Analyzing the data using ggplot2 o Creating TF-IDF for Text data o Training the model using Knn, Kmeans clustering, SVM (Support Vector 
Machine), Na ve Bayes algorithm o Testing against test data o Analyzing which model provides the better accuracy. 
o Proceeding further with Na ve Bayes and using different classifiers to predict the ticket classification. 
o Providing detail report to higher management. 
o Analyzing with different Incident Tickets to check the model accuracy. 
MANHEIM (COX Automotive) Atlanta (Georgia- USA) - PROJECT DETAILS 
One of the guiding principles of the G2G project is to retire AS/400 functionality with minimal scaffolding or backfill of information to the AS/400 while at the same time there will be no new capabilities added to the AS/400 platform. 
Currently, the Client relies heavily on a decentralized AS/400 legacy system for its Customer Data 
Transmission. There have been several customizations to the AS/400 systems, thus, it has become more complex to maintain these applications. Worked as Data lead and Analyst for different projects in Manheim like Customer Data Extract(CDT), Order Management, Invoicing, B2B (Old and New Process), NextGear Seller side processing, I Expense, Customer Portal(CP), Customer Service Application (CSA) and Title Management. Roles and Responsibility: 
o Handled onshore team consisting of 4 Members and offshore 11 members o Worked as Onsite Data Lead and Analyst for different projects o Single point of contacts for I Expense, Global Payment, B2B Customers. 
o Preparing Weekly dashboard, QC reports and communicating to higher management o Discussion with business on data for the project o Identifying the test data, understanding the business requirement o Preparing High Level Scenarios, low level test cases and executing the same in 
ALM. 
o Established processes to facilitate better execution of project o Encouraged and facilitated the knowledge building within the team o Worked closely with the client to discuss various ideas/solutions, issues and timelines o Encouraged the identification and implementation of innovative ideas to yield cost/effort savings o Participated in requirement gathering through various meetings and interactions with the client and onsite as required o Managing Project related artifacts in sharepoint 
Project Duration: April 2015 till Nov 2016 
Location : Atlanta (USA) Software s and Special Tools: 
Oracle Apps (Order 
Management, Invoicing, I- 
Expense) AS400, Customer 
Portal, Customer service applications, Vault 
Applications, Manheim 
Business Events (BEE), Title 
Management Application. 
Projects worked on: 
Title Management 
Customer Data Transmission(CDT) 
Invoicing 
Order management 
B2B 
I-Expense 
Next gear seller side Customer Portal and Customer 
Service Application 
E s Mooresville - USA 
Path to purchase is analyzing the data from different source systems and understand the purchase patterns of the customer/end user. Analysis was carried out using different tools like Cloudera, Hortonworks and come up with suggestion for LOWES Envt which tool is the best fit. 
Roles and Responsibility: 
o Data parsing, data analyzing using different third party tools like Cloudera, Hortonworks. 
o Understanding the data structure, data types from different source system o Different methodology to pull the data from different sources using HIVE, PIG language. 
o Methodology to connect to external source system and to get the data to Hadoop environment. 
o Capture the time taken to pull data and analyze the same in different tools o Discussion with business on data for the project 
JDA - Integrated Planning and Execution (IP&E) Supply Chain Planning and Execution project will implement a platform to support the strategic vision of a fully integrated planning and execution system for the Forecasting, Logistics Planning, and Replenishment (now called as Fulfillment) functional areas. 
Develop an integrated merchandising, store planning and supply chain solution which provides the ability to plan the customer s demand for the entire LOWES network and optimize merchant, space and product flow plans and execution. 
Performance measures needed from the Information Warehouse by Merchandising 
SDG for Business Release 2 of the Integrated Planning and Execution CC-EIA 
Integration Implementation Project. The project performance measures obtained will be used by the JDA Channel Clustering (CC), Efficient Item Assortment (EIA), JDA Intactix Knowledge Base (IKB). 
Roles and Responsibility: 
o Batch job/Workflows execution 
o Table backup and load plan in test environment o Identifying the test data for testing team and preparing generic queries o Understanding the end to end flow and share the same with the team members o Preparing detail test cases for mainframe Batch Jobs and JCLs o Preparing High Level Scenarios for SIT Requirements 
o Executing Mainframe related test cases in QC and raising defect in QC o Attending Defect triage call and explaining defects to different teams. 
o Checking out the jobs from endeavor and point it back to different test environment and UAT environment o Provide support for SIT and UAT team to resolve the issues. 
o Converting tape files to flat files and Converting non-readable files to readable files. 
o Develop new Mainframe code in COBOL, JCL and DB2 as per business requirement. 
o Modified existing JCL programs to fit into the environment and system requirements o Used SPUFI for DB2 to query DB2 database when creating SQL statements for use in the development and maintenance of programs. 
Santosh Chakre +91 91489 91956 
sschakre@gmail.com 
LOWES Mooresville - USA - PROJECT DETAILS 
Project duration 
Aug 2010 till March 2015 
Onshore: June 2012 to Mar 2013 Dec 2014 to Mar 2015 
Offshore: Aug 2010 to May 2012 Apr 2013 to Nov 2014 Software and special tools: JDA Tools Channel Clustering(CCI), Efficient Item Assortment(EIA), Intactix 
Knowledge Base(IKB), JDA Demand and Fulfillment Informatica, UNIX, Putty, IBM 
Mainframes, SPUFI, Endevor, JCL, FILE-AID 
Projects worked on: 
JDA CCI JDA 
EIA 
JDA IKB, JDA Demand and Fulfillment 
EIS Reporting 
LIR Project Software and special tools: Big Data Tools Cloudera, Hortonworks. PIG/ HIVE 
Project duration : 
May 2013 
Nov 2013 
Project: 
Path to Purchase 
Recall Inventory is enhancement to the COLA project. Depending upon the clients request, fire an agency and redistribute the accounts among the other agency in the same placement or in to next placement. 
COLA-Enhancement is some addition to the existing COLA (Collections On-Line 
Access). In the enhancement there are more options given to the super user (Clients) to cancel, Uncancel, Post payment, Remove current placement, Change customer address info, Move to next placement and recalls process options were provided. 
After implementing COLA-Enhancement, user saved 20 Hrs of mainframe developer s work every week. Got spot award for 
Flaw less production release . 
COLA (Collections On-Line Access) was developed as a prototype in 1997 to demonstrate the ability to present legacy data residing in the MVS environment dynamically via a web interface, as well as to satisfy the need to allow users real-time access to OCA(Outside Collection Agency) data. This one was completely rewritten in 
JAVA with struts framework. 
Maintenance OCA (Outside Collection Agency) and EDI (Electronic Data 
Interchange) applications throughout the year along with the new projects Roles and Responsibility: 
o Understanding the business requirement o Discussion with the Client and team member and provide the estimation. 
o Develop code and review the code developed by team member. 
o Participated in SQA activities. 
o Configuration Coordinator for the project o Preparation Of Low level design and Program spec documents o Modified existing JCL programs to fit into the environment and system requirements o Used SPUFI for DB2 to query DB2 database when creating SQL statements for use in the development and maintenance of programs. 
o Used ENDEVOR (change control tool) to move the members from Test environment to Production 
o Analyzing the dependent jobs and scheduling the new jobs using Control-M. 
o Resolve production issues/abends o Attend clients weekly call o Resolve the tickets assigned by the clients o Provide reports which are needed (monthly reports, weekly reports) o Participate in CMMi processes Santosh Chakre +91 91489 91956 
sschakre@gmail.com 
QWEST Telecom Software Services - PROJECT DETAILS 
Project Duration: Mar 2007 to July 2010 Software and Tools used: 
IBM Mainframes, JAVA Struts framework, UNIX, COBOL, COBOL-DB2, JCL, Endevor, SPUFI, QMF, INSYNC, FILE-AID, PST, DB2 
Projects worked on: 
Recall Inventory 
EDI to DART COLA Enhancement 
COLA Rewrite 
Tertiary Placement 
OCA and EDI application maintenance and support 
