 Curriculum Vitae Reema Mary Philip 
P.O. Box 261103, Dubai, U.A.E. 
Contact No: +971 52 997 1423 
E-mail: reemamprof13@gmail.com 
Career Objective 
Ambitious to build a career in accounting and finance with a reputed organization where team work and hardworking are appreciated and to be in a position which is best suited to my knowledge and skills. 
Profile 
A positive, motivated and hard-working Master of Commerce graduate with a major in Accounting, who believes in teamwork and keen to learn and contribute towards success of the organization. 
Academic Profile 
Master of Commerce - Finance 
Mahatma Gandhi University, GIAL College, Kottayam, Kerala, India. 
Bachelor of Commerce Computer Application 
Mahatma Gandhi University, GIAL College, Kottayam, Kerala, India. 
Master of Administration Service Management (Pursuing) Bharathiar University School of Distance Education, Coimbatore, Tamilnadu, India 
Work Experience Organization : Thomas and James CA Firm 
Address : Kottayam, Kerala, India 
Department : Accounts 
Designation : Audit and Accounts Assistant 
Joined Period : July 2015 to March 2016 
Organization : K M Technologies 
Address : Kottayam, Kerala, India 
Department : Accounts 
Designation : Admin / Accounts Assistant Joined Period : April 2016 to October 2016 Roles and Responsibility 
Maintaining cash book, purchase & sales register of the company. 
Prepare bank reconciliation statements. 
Prepare and verify daily and monthly reports. 
Preparation of Profit & Loss account and final statements. 
Supporting top management and HR works. 
Attendance management system. 
Key Skills 
MS Office Accounting software 
Deep interest in learning and working Knowledge in computer applications 
Good communication and leadership skills Reference Details Name of Referee 
: 
Jacob Oommen 
Relation to Referee 
: Personal 
Designation : Sales Manager 
Company : 
Rolls-Royce 
Contact Number : +971 50 240 2658 
E-mail : jacob.oommen@rolls-royce.com Name of Referee : 
Sindhu Thomas 
Relation to Referee : Professional 
Designation : Employer 
Company : Thomas and James CA Firm 
Contact Number : +91 9895929014 E-mail : sindhuthomas26@gmail.com Habits & Interests 
Traveling and site seeing 
Listening music 
Dancing 
Personal Information 
Name : Reema Mary Philip 
Age : 27 years 
Nationality : Indian 
Gender : 
Female 
Marital Status : 
Single 
Religion : Christian 
UAE Visa status : Visit visa Languages Known : English, Hindi, Malayalam, French (Elementary) 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
I commit to discharge my duties in the best possible manner. 
Yours sincerely, Reema Mary Philip 
