 curriculum vitae Allan Lacatan Hernandez 
Address: Al riqqa Dubai U.A.E. 
E mail: erosjae27@yahoo.com. 
Mobile: +971 0564156972 
With UAE Driving license SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills & team leader. 
Proficient in various MS software application e.g. Word, Excel, Powerpoint, SAP System 
Strong skills in time management, prioritising tasks in meeting deadlines. Capable on Sales Logistic, and Customer Service 9 years Gulf Experience. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
September 2010 to April 2016 
PLUGINS electronics ( AL FUTTAIM GROUP) 
Senior sales Staff 
(Dubai Mall) 
knowledgeable in various section AV, 
Apple, IT Mobility, warehouse by SAP system and Home appliance Department . Section in charge : Ensuring to reach the monthly sales target given by the section manager and follow all the task that has been implemented. 
Merchandising: Conducts a detail inspection of the assigned area on a daily basis. Reviews price labels, product information tags and other communication with regard to the products. Organizes and displays the product in manner to attract customer attention and enhancing the possibility of sale. Ensuring the merchandising principles are followed while displaying existing & new products. 
Customer Service: Ensuring that customers are greeted and acknowledged in the store. Also develop a good rapport to serve the customers effectively. 
Product Review: On a daily basis, reviews unit Sales at stock / item level and inform the retail supervisor / store manager. Provide feedback regarding customer enquirys and customer preferences. 
Product Knowledge: Periodically updated regarding the products in the showroom, competitor products, price etc. Latest developments in the electronic industry and by product range in order to address customer queries and provide informed advice. 
Housekeeping: Ensuring that the products on display in the section are arranged properly and the area is maintained in a neat and tidy manner ensuring that the highest standards of housekeeping are maintained. 
July 2007 up July 2010 
Company EROS GROUP 
Sales Representative 
DUBAI, UAE . Product Sales representative ( Hatachi Products) . Promote hitachi product to the customer . ensure that the GUEST program of Plug ins has been demonstrate in every customer . 3 years assign in Plug ins Festival city . One of the best promoter in UAE in Panel sales August 2002 to July 2006 Company ABENSON Electronics 
Sales supervisor Phillipines 
Monitoring and analyzing the market scenario, status of the product, new product information, competition activities and promotions. 
Giving monthly sales target to every sales staff and merchandiser Handles collection of checks. 
Participate in the presentation of reports, lunching of new product, 
Promotion. 
Visits and follow up LPOs to various outlet. 
customer and Stock requisition 
Giving daily sales report to my company superior 
Maintain a high level of customer satisfaction. 
August 2006 to August 2007 Company Monster Product 
Sales executive / coordinator Philippines . 
Handling supply for electronic, of Audio Video Products accessories . 
conducting Product training , Features Advantages Benefit of the product . 
Monitoring Sales Target, follow up LPOs . Ensuring proper supply . 
. 
Visual merchandising, 
Proper display of the Products by company 
SOP . 
Giving Sales target in every Sales Promoter, evaluate their performances ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION 
4 Years Graduate 
Bachelor of Science in Commerce major in Management 
Divine Word College Calapan, Philippines 1997 -2001 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Nationality Filipino 
Languages 
English, Tagalog 
Date of Birth November 27, 1976 Marital Status Single 
Height 56 
Note: Attested Documents 
