 AAKANSHA MISHRA (+91) 8588098853 
mishraaakansha9@gmail.com HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGER 
Extensive background in HR affairs, including experience in employee recruitment and employee engagement, staff development, conflict resolution, benefits and compensation, HR records management, HR policies development. 
Demonstrated success in negotiating win-win compromises, developing teambuilding programs, and writing personnel manuals, corporate policies, job descriptions and job specification and management reports. 
HR SKILLS HR Department Startup. 
Dealing with grey. 
Negotiation. 
Communication. 
HR Policies & Procedures. 
Employee Engagement. 
Staff Recruitment & Retention. 
Employee Relations. 
Change Management. 
Benefits Administration. 
Discrete and ethical. 
Dual Focus. 
Conflict Management and Problem. 
Training & Development. 
Performance Management. 
Organizational Development 
Computer Knowledge: 
MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook) & Tally. 
TOTAL EXPERIENCES 
One year eleven months (23 Months) of experiences in Human Resource. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
GENESIS INFRATECH PVT. LTD. - GURGAON, HARYANA-122002. 
Provides real state residential services and commercials services i.e., Genesis Flora, Genesis Sky height, Genesis City, Genesis mall etc. in Bhiwadi. 
HR Manager, 16th July 2016 to Present. 
Responsible for providing overall HR support so that the company maximizes its employee productivity and well-being. 
Key Results: 
Attending disciplinary, grievance and capability meetings. 
Making Salary of all employees, ESIC and PF. 
Writing up job descriptions and job specification, performance reviews and personnel policies. 
Providing a comprehensive HR support service to work colleagues, employees and the company as a whole. 
Delivering excellent HR services within a large scale operational environment and to geographically dispersed teams. 
Implementing HR policies and procedures and compliance matters. 
Supervising less experienced members of the team. 
Determining a HR departments requirements. 
Overseeing the employee benefits scheme. 
Administering the firm s staff bonus scheme. 
Revised job descriptions across all levels and 50+ categories. 
Shadowed and interviewed employees to construct an accurate picture of the duties and skills required for each position. 
FLYWHEEL LOGISTICS PVT. LTD. 
NEW DELHI. 
Provides Full container load and less container load trucks i.e.( FCL and LCL.) for transport materials from one place to other place though their hubs in different cities. 
HR Executive, July 14th 2015 
July 14th 2016 Promoted to fulfill a broad range of HR functions, including recruiting and training employees, administering benefits, overseeing disciplinary action and managing HR records, resolved conflicts between employees. 
Key Results: 
Analyzing the requirement of organization and making ESIC and PF. 
Analyze the quality people and contact them through phone, Email. 
Recruit the people and perform various recruitment steps. 
Maintain the existing employees and take the feedback from them. 
Assist the accounts department for making the salaries of employees. 
Make the coordination with various departments. 
Present the suggestions for the seniors of employees and implement their order. 
Providing clerical and administrative support to staff of the Human Resources department. 
Collecting, sorting and distributing any incoming job applications. 
Maintaining employee personnel files. 
Coordinating activities between the company and outside parties. 
Making decisions in the absence of senior HR executives. 
Directing and implementing training programs. 
Dealing with employee complaints and grievances. 
Negotiating advertising rates with online job boards and newspapers. 
Ensuring the confidentiality of sensitive information. 
Organizing inductions and training for new employees. 
EDUCATION QUALIFICATION 
Professional Qualification: GLA University, Mathura. Post-Graduation (MBA) in HR and Marketing, 2013-15. 
Academic Qualifications: MJPRU University (G.F College Shahjahanpur). Graduation (BSc) in Science, 2013. 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Father s Name: 
Late. Surendra Dutt Mishra. 
Date of Birth: 01st - February 1994. 
Languages: 
Hindi, English. 
Marital Status: Unmarried. 
