Khushleen Gill 6 Gentle Fox Dr Caledon, ON L7C3T4 
Phone: (1)647-281-7166 E-Mail: khushleen_gill@hotmail.com 
Objective 
My objective is to work in an atmosphere that will challenge my retail trade experience further, while allowing me to contribute to the continued growth and goals of the company. To work in an environment that will help increase my interaction with customers as well as my retail knowledge, which I will ultimately use to help the company. My reason for this job is to work in a retail environment and use my skills obtained to help the company accomplish their goals and objectives. 
Experience 
Guest Services (Square One) 
June September (2014 2015) 
At Guest services I worked as a sales associate and provided assistance to customers when needed. I was responsible for transactions and customer service assistance within a fast-pasted environment. 
Target Corporation April 
May (2013-2014) 
At target I worked as a sales associate and was responsible for helping customers and making sales. Responsible for greeting customers and efficiently processing transactions within a busy, fast-paced retail environment. 
Women College Hospital 2013 and 2014 summer (Beginning of July to end of August) 
August for both summers) 
I have volunteered at Womens College Hospital for two consecutive summers. Through my volunteering I have worked in the breast imaging, dermatology, cardiology, Osteoporosis, family practice as well as worked at the main front desk. I have learned a lot working in these various positions interacting with people everyday improving on my communicating skills while following certain hospital code rules and regulations. 
Canadas Wonderland April - October of 2012 
At Canadas wonderland I was responsible for cashier inventory duties, packaging and handling of foods. I was also responsible for greeting every customer and exemplary customer service. 
Uganda Missions Trip March 2014 (14 day span) I have volunteered to go on a missions trip to Uganda where I did a lot of labor work and was hands on in my group project of helping to build a school. 
March of 2011 (10 day span) 
Volunteering in the camp helped me develop in my team leadership skills. In this camp I couched kids from ages 7-14. Through this experience I have learned many sportsmanship skills and further improved on my leadership skills. 
Education 
Ontario Secondary School Diploma: Brampton Christian School, Caledon, Ontario - Honours 
University of Waterloo 2014 - present Bachelors of Science Biomedical Sciences 
Skills 
Highly independent worker who is eager to learn Ability to grasp new techniques and skills quickly 
Excellent interpersonal and communication skills 
Function great in a team environment and can take on leadership roles Undergraduate lab work Exceptional typing and computer skills: proficiency in MS Office, MS Excel and MS PowerPoint Interests 
Working with various people Social Involvement 
Fashion 
Volunteering 
Interacting with people 
References: All references and certificates can be furnished upon request. 
2 
