SAIKAT GHOSH 
Address:- B703,Viva Sarovar,Jambulwadi Rd,Katraj 411046 
Mob:- +919730815903 E-mail Id :- saikatg99@gmail.com Budding IT professional with overall 6.3years of IT experience and ITIL Foundation V3 Certified along with ISO/IEC20000(IT Service Management), Highly motivated tech-support professional skilled in troubleshooting, analyzing and resolving complex technical problems, and utilizing advanced resolution procedures. Worked as Sr.Associate, serving customers in IT and desktop-help-desk departments. 
Employment details TechMahindra, Pune India 
27th March 2017 
Till date Sr. Support Engineer Duties: 
Providing support for all infrastructure management services. 
Providing support, training and workforce management. 
Providing technical assistance to help desk staff by answering questions and conveying proper troubleshooting procedures for RSA, VDI, Exchange, Junos Pulse Secure, SFTP, Active Directory and other in-house applications. 
Providing and managing the call logging/helpdesk system. 
Providing monitoring for all high severity issues created to ensure timely response by escalation. 
Managing the Helpdesk's Service Levels through the development and reporting of performance metrics and real-time/ historical trending and analysis. 
Performing analysis on specific trends in reported issues and provision of a formal problem management service. 
Communicating emergency notifications and initiate bridge calls with concerned teams. 
Monitoring daily / weekly status reports of compliance with respect to SLAs and drive deviations to closure. 
Review the creation and revision of SOP s & reports. 
Drive the team to reach the targets and ensure 24*7 staffing and operations Conducting Quality Audits for the entire team using Impact 360. 
Monitoring the post service activities like follow up with the customers, service reminders and handling customer grievances for superior customer service. 
Ensuring that all IT teams follow the incident management process for every incident. 
Expertise in the areas of managing IT Enabled Services metrics, analyzing statistical data, application of quality management and ability to manage teams and attain performance targets. 
Producing management information, including KPIs and reports. 
Resource balancing skills and ability to handle multiple functions & activities in high-pressure environments with tight deadlines. 
Demonstrated problem analysis/ resolution skills, ability to troubleshoot, solve problems quickly & completely. Adapt at mapping client s requirements, custom designing solutions & troubleshooting for complex IT related problem. 
Modern Accounting & Insurance 
Job Title: Sr. Associate 
IT Help Desk. 
5th April 2010 to 27th February 2014 Duties: 
Maintaining overall ownership of users issue & service ensuring resolution within agreed service levels. 
Install, upgrade, support and troubleshoot Windows Operating Systems (XP, Win 7, Win 8, and Win 10) and Microsoft Office Products (2003, 2007, 2010, 2013) and any other authorized desktop applications. 
Install, upgrade, support and troubleshoot for printers, Scanners computer hardware and any other authorized peripheral equipment. 
Dealing with hardware and application support queries and issues reported to the support desk and escalated to the Desktop Support Administrator. 
Monitoring on Network performance by using Windows monitoring tool like Wire shark. 
Email account administration, i.e. account creation and management and distribution lists on Exchange 2007, 2010, and also in Outlook Express. 
User account administration, i.e. account creation and management and password resets in Active 
Directory. 
Antivirus Support- Installation and Updating patches. 
Use diagnostic tools to troubleshoot problems associated with network connectivity, and workstation hardware/software. 
Provides backup support and assistance to the Network Administrator as needed. 
Responsible for tracking hardware and software inventory. 
Troubleshooting login and domain related issues. 
Managing the shared file permissions for users. 
E-mail and Chat support to user and handle the queries. 
Managing the help-desk system by recording appropriate information for fault incident and resolving the fault from a remote location or by accessing the user s desktop. 
Managing service requests, software installations, new computer setups, upgrades, etc. 
Resolving the queries in accordance with help-desk escalation process. 
Configure Managing and Operating Video Conferencing equipment (Skype for Business purpose). 
VPN Support Certification installation. 
Coordinating and interfacing with outside vendors, end users, other department team members, and service providers to resolve issues. 
Resolving Hardware issues like hardware up gradation and degradation, desktop assembling dissembling, replacing faulty part with new one. 
Wipro BPO 
Job Title: Senior Customer Support Technician. 
23rd October 2006 to 10th 
January 2009 
Duties: 
Providing technical support for EMC Data Storage Devices for leading Companies of the world. 
Troubleshooting depending on host OS with the help of tools provided. Assigning incidents to appropriate Level 2 teams using CSI tool (Oracle based application). 
Creating new Hardware and Software requests for internal & external customers of EMC and sending them to appropriate level for support. 
Creating part request order forms and follow-up on the part return delivery. Actively interacting with different level to resolve high severity issues. 
Creating a new account with the base company (i.e. EMC), relocation of customer site details and contact information to a new site. 
Academic Background 
Certified ITIL Foundation 
Certified ISO/IEC20000 
Masters In Commerce 
EXIN EXIN 
M.S.University 2017 
2017 2009 
Bachelors in Commerce M.S.University 2007 
Higher Secondary EDU(HSC) St.Thomas School 2004 
Secondary EDU (SSC) St.Thomas School 2001 
Key Skills. 
Outstanding analytical, problem-solving, and troubleshooting ability. 
Superior communication (oral and written), customer service and interpersonal skills. 
Both independent and team worker, as required. 
MS Office proficiency and tracking-software familiarity. 
Ability to multi-task and prioritize effectively. 
Poised and patient when dealing with clients. 
SAIKAT GHOSH 
