ARVINDA KUMAR C. S. 
Software Engineer-Trainee 
Bengaluru, Karnataka 
Ph. No.:+91-8867272240 
Email: arvindakumar.cs@gmail.com Enthusiastically work for an organization for its development and enhance my own skills and knowledge. Willing to relocate: Anywhere 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Data Science 
CenturyLink India -Bengaluru, Karnataka,-December 2016 to April 2017 (Contractor) 4 months of professional experience as Data Science Engineer. 
Worked as INTERN at Si2 Microsystems Pvt. Ltd. for 10 months during my final year 
M. Tech 
EDUCATION 
M. Tech-Digital Communications R. V. College of Engineering 2016 
B. E. Telecommunications 
B. N. M. Institute of Technology 2013 S. S. L. C. 
S. M. High School, Viduraswatha 2007 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Skill Set 
Languages: Java (Collections and Strings), SQL, and HDL 
Web Development Tools: Basics on JavaScript and AngularJS 
Operating systems: Windows XP, Windows 7 
Office Suites: MS Office 2007, 2010 RECENT PROJECT 
Project: Damage Detection 
Client: AIG 
Environment: Damage Detection labelling Tool 
Duration: December 2016 to April 2017 
Description: American International Group, Inc., also known as AIG, is an American multinational insurance corporation with more than 88 million customers in 130 countries. As an industry leader, AIG car insurance is widely utilized and highly dependable. From cars and motorcycles to recreational vehicles, they service a wide array of customers with competitive rates. AIG remains a top insurance provider. In this project Damage Detection Labelling Tool is designed to allow people annotate each accident car image easily. The annotation will be used to develop learning models that automatically estimate the annotation. 
Responsibilities 
The claim images are loaded to Tool. 
Label the images using tool to finish annotation of each image. 
Verify the mat file (.mat) created in the target folder after annotation. 
Coordinating with other teams working on the same project. 
Coordinating with the team for correcting mismatch files. 
Ensuring smooth delivery of the project 
ACADEMIC PROJECT 
Title: Design and Development of FPGA-based Data Acquisition System 
Description: Designed FPGA-based data acquisition system to overcome from the dis-advantages of the Microprocessor and Microcontroller based acquisition systems. 
Environment: Quartus II 
Hardware: FPGA PUBLICATIONS 
Paper titled Design and Development of the High-speed Data Acquisition System with Cyclone FPGA in the proceedings of 7th International Conference on Computing, Communication and Networking Technologies (ICCCNT), at Dallas, USA, 6th 8th May 2016. 
