 Nishant Bangera 
nerabang@gmail.com 
Objective: 
To acquire the assets management analyst position and ensure accurate usage, timely procurement and maintenance of assets and efficient record keeping of the same. 
Experience Summary: 
Over 12 years of experience as an Information Technology professional committed to maintaining cutting edge technical skills and up-to-date industry knowledge, with a solid background in IT Asset Management. 
Expert in monitoring Hardware lifecycles, mitigating security and data risks. 
Solutions-oriented with notable success directing a wide range of hardware asset management initiatives while participating in planning and implementation of systems solutions in direct support of business objectives. 
Experience in KPO service sector, includes policy compliance and auditing prime lending documents for a leading US bank. 
Summary of Qualifications 
Year Qualificaiton Institute Percentage 2010 MBA Somaiya Institute of Management Studies(PGDM) KJ. Somaiya Institute of Management Studies 58% 2003 Bachelor of Commerce SK. Somaiya Institute of Commerce 61% 2000 HSC D.A.V College of Commerce 56% 
1998 SSC P.G.Garodia English High School 60% . 
Certification and Skills: 
ITILV2 Certified 
Proficiency with Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint, and Outlook. 
Strong skills involving collaboration, creative problem solving, task organization and planning, attention to detail, and maintaining quality standards. 
Fluent communication skills in English, Hindi & Marathi, both verbal and written. 
Finance & Accounting: Knowledge of Equities, Derivatives (Options, Futures), Financial analysis skills, Reconciliation of Bank Statement, claim adjustments 
MS Excel: Exploring the Workbook Window, Formatting Cells / Worksheet, Working with formula & Function, Working with Charts, Filtering Data & Printing Worksheet. 
MS Word: Formatting the document, Table handling, Mail merge, setting up pages for printing. 
Professional Experience 
June 2015 December 2016 Wipro InfoTech Ltd 
Asset Management 
Client: Royal Bank of Scotland 
Asset Inventory Management/CMDB updation: 
Need to ensure regular follow-up with team, keep checking clarify for any call related to movement of assets. 
Need to keep track of all calls which are for updation of assets (IMAC). 
Need to update the CMDB within 3 business days. 
Vendor Management: 
Responsible for updated vendor escalation matrix by doing regular follow-ups with the vendor. 
Need to follow up with vendor for delivery of materials raised as per the PO. 
Responsible for the classification of vendor as per support arena. 
Warranty / AMC notification: 
Need to ensure that Warranty/AMC information is captured in CMDB and notify the same to team. 
Need to constantly check for expiry of warranty/ AMC and prior notification to Supervisor for same. 
Managing buffer stock with helpdesk Need to ensure that defectives spares are getting indented under warranty/ AMC cases. 
Need to ensure replacement from stores to helpdesk is happening on a regular basis. 
Re-order level sheet Need to keep record of inventory and check with stores on consumption and current stock for spares Un-Utilized asset on production floor Responsible to have a floor walk through every fortnightly and check with the respective floor engineer for any asset which is not in use. 
Post movement of people, need to keep a track on assets released by process and check with helpdesk and IT team for usage of those asset by any other process. 
Report Submission 
Responsible for submitting all the desired reports as per the timelines set by my managment on the same. 
New Branch Rollout 
Generation of asset code for new devices. 
Ensuring that template for capturing information for every asset that is installed in the new branch is sent to the engineer who sets up the new branch Responsible for checking the database is up to date and in line with the data that has been uploaded by the engineer using e-scan in E-Asset Database 
Responsible for comparing the data in the Database with the hard copy of the data that has been send duly signed by the engineer so as to avoid discrepancy Physical Asset Verification 
Responsible for physical asset verification of assets across customer Location 
Comparison of data with verified data and updating database if discrepancy found Executed following projects Implementation of eAsset help line (Asset tracking Application). 
Conduct PAV & reconciliation of bank DC device for PAN India. 
Movement of live critical server from one location to another. 
October 2011 May 2015 
TCS Ltd 
Asset Management 
Responsible for Full Life Cycle management of IT Hardware assets Maintain records and databases containing information regarding licenses, warranties, and service agreements for the companies IT Hardware Assets and softwares. 
Aggregate material requests and issues bid or quote requests with vendors. Reviews and selects best vendor proposal or bid based on price or value. Conducts negotiations with vendors to improve pricing, as needed. 
Prepare requisitions and ensure accuracy of entry and budget coding. Work with vendors to ensure that product specifications are accurate and available for purchase. 
Route requisitions through an electronic approval process and tracks the movement of requests through the approval process using Ticketing tools. 
Proficiently manage all Install, Move, Add or change (IMAC) requests regarding distributed network systems. 
Recruit and develops vendors to ensure the availability of materials and services. 
Support engineering and operations staff in obtaining cost estimates by soliciting vendors for budgetary pricing . Create and control Project budgets. 
Proactively manage IT inventory scans and auditing reports to provide assurance of program effectiveness and reports hardware and software metrics to management Responsible for Full Life Cycle management of IT Hardware assets. 
Manage and maintain software asset management, licensing & compliance 
Deliver proof of concepts for new software / hardware purchases. 
Coordinate corporate Asset Management efforts and advise upper management on Best Practices and recommended corporate policies for Asset Management across company network. 
Manage and supervise asset purchases, allocation and distribution for the Corporate Data Centre. 
Manage asset reconciliation and asset disposal agreements. 
Provided a Management Representation Statement covering asset management at the end of the every six months. 
Reconcile assets received with a purchase requisition, purchase order and stores delivery advice. 
Preparation of report as per ITIL guideline. 
Create documentation of operational concepts, workflows, etc. 
External technical and project coordination with customers and SAM tool providers Trained and provided mentor support to other personnel on problem resolution and daily operating procedures. 
March 2005 - Sep 2010 
TCS Eserve Ltd 
Senior Officer Managed operations for Citibank financial Auto Utilities, Mortgage E-Stacking, Home Equity Doc 
Prep Reconciliation of Bank Statement, update of nostro accounts and ageing of account. Processing 
Documents for Auto Loans and documentation of funds transfer (Western Union Money Transfer). 
Responsible for preparing work schedule, interim quality analysis for the account processed by team member and mentoring trainees. 
Expert in preparing and auditing of loan document. Verified the compliance of loan documents according to the set internal guidelines and performing Quality check for the same. 
Calculation of lien for client write-off, verifying the compliance of loan documents according to the set internal guidelines and performing Quality check for the same. 
Managed claim adjustments, claim processing from point of entry to finalizing, claim review, identifying claims processing problems, their source and providing alternative solutions. 
Interim Quality Analysis for the cases processed by Quality Check agents to prevent incorrect payment to end-customer. Updated the team of the process changes. 
Oct 2004 to Mar 2005 
Gurukul Online Customer Service Executive (Sales and Technical) 
Pre-Sales ,Sales and Post 
Sales of SMARTEL Portal for 
eLearning Solutions Generating leads through market research and Identifying partnership opportunities and managing partnership qualifications 
Handling proposal solicitations (Request for proposal, Request for information) 
Suggesting a suitable solution to the prospects Supporting onsite representatives throughout the sales cycle Making clients & prospects follow -ups 
Client query resolution by cross functional liaison Account Management and troubleshooting queries regarding the SMARTEL portal. 
Preparation of Business development tools like brochures, collaterals etc Updating the progress and target accomplishments to the management - MIS Reports 
Employee travel & expense payment 
Contact information 
Full name :Nishant Bangera 
Date Of Birth :29th April 1983 
Telephone numbers : 9987036419 
Email address :nerabang@gmail.com 
