 Nita Gray 
Email: graynita@aol.com Cell: 770-653-6288 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
2002 to Present Real Estate Agent (Self-Employed), Atlanta, GA 
Prospect new client relationships and generate leads through cold calling, networking and referrals. 
Update and maintain existing client accounts, market value analysis and marketing reports. 
Handle all aspects of home buying process including negotiate sales prices, coordinate financing, attend closings and ensure quality client service. 
Current business result of 80% referral. 
5/2011 to 9/2012 Community Relations Manager, The Fulton-DeKalb Hospital Authority, Atlanta, GA 
Developed, executed, monitored and evaluated the Authoritys community health and wellness event sponsorships Promoted and monitored the community health grant program Planned, coordinated, facilitated and evaluate community forums and special events Assisted with updates on website and social media Attend collaborative and partnership meetings to ensure adequate community representation Served as a resource to the Authoritys Board of Trustees; generating reports 2000 to 2001 Personal Wardrobe Stylist to Martin Lawrence, Sony Studios, Los Angeles, CA 
Responsible for selecting wardrobe for movie projects. 
Worked closely with designers, producers, and directors. 
Managed wardrobe budget preparation and expenditures. 
1998 to 2000 Wardrobe Stylist, The Steve Harvey Show, Universal Studio, Burbank, CA 
1996 to 1998 Wardrobe Stylist, The Jamie Foxx Show, Warner Bros. Studio, Burbank,CA 
Assisted with wardrobe shopping: retail and costume rental houses. 
Maintained wardrobe stock and equipment. 
Managed continuity of wardrobe for production. 
1993 to 1996 Wardrobe Stylist, The Image Resource, Atlanta, GA 
Responsible for selecting wardrobe for print and television commercials. 
Worked closely with photographers, producers, and art directors. 
Clients included: Canadian Mist, GMC, Georgia Baptist Hospital, 
Georgia Lottery, Publix Supermarket, Upscale Magazine. EDUCATION 
Michigan State University, Bachelor of Science, Biology 
University of Santa Monica, Studies in Masters Degree, Spiritual Psychology 
