 Bhavna H. Punjabi 
M.A.(Edu) MA(Psychology)/M.Com/ B.Ed/PGDEMA/ECC Ed 
E-Mail: bhavna252002@yahoo.co.in 
Mob: 9221465917/9222423599/9867025777 
Aspiring for a Principal position, with an Education Institute, in Mumbai 
Executive Summation 
An astute Leader with over 15 years of experience with a special flair towards the profession of education. 
Presently working as a Principal with a proposed ICSE School. 
Worked as a Vice Principal with an International School (CBSE Board),with Previous experience as an Academic Coordinator in and English Medium school(ICSE Board). 
Experience of 5.5 years of teaching experience for Primary & Pre-Primary section of an English Medium School (ICSE & CBSE Board). 
Extensive experience in conceptualizing and implementing the curriculum. 
Expertise in analyzing existing systems and procedures, preparing yearly plans, designing syllabus and facilitating effective implementation. 
A result oriented motivated and dynamic Professional of change with a flair for developing and implementing innovative practices for educational improvement. 
Extensive experience in Strategy Planning, Human Resource Management & Development. Proven track record of achieving high motivation levels amongst teaching faculty. 
A skilled and highly dependable leader with superior self-planning & relationship management skills. 
Career Scan 
Education 
a.. Presently associated with a proposed ICSE school as a Principal Since 
Nov 15 b. Worked as a Vice principal with an International School 1Yr c .Previously associated as an Academic Coordinator to a Primary Section in an English Medium School. 
0.8 Yrs. 
d. Previously associated as a class teacher to Primary Section of an English Medium 
School. 
2.5 Yrs 
e. Served from Jun 07 Aug 10 as a class teacher to Pre-Primary Section of a CBSE 
Board English Medium School. 
3.5 Yrs. 
f. Home Tuitions for KG to 5th Standard students. 7.0 Yrs. 
General: 
Previously worked as Accounts, Office & Admin. Assistant with Eureka Forbes Ltd, Venus Computers and Sharp &Tennan (Chartered Accountants) with respect to Office Administration. 
4.0 Yrs. 
Proficiency Matrix 
As A Principal/Vice Principal & An Academic Coordinator: 
Selection of books-Meeting publishers Arrange workshops for teachers Conducting interviews and formatting of offer/appointment letters 
Data/Write ups provided for website Counseled parents as well as students Leading and managing a core team of 30+teachers. 
Preparing a clash-free class & Teachers Time-table across all grades/divisions. 
Preparing and conducting curriculum workshops for teachers. 
Drafting and formulating Curriculum for Play group & day care Holding training session for teachers. 
Class observations of teachers on daily basis. 
Conducting regular meetings with core team & teachers for day to day functioning. 
Interaction & induction to parents for new admissions. 
Receiving / counseling parents and addressing their anxiety. 
Organizing Parents Teacher Meetings. 
Coordinating with Pre Primary teachers for maintenance of records. 
Addressing every single matter related to students on individual basis. 
Introduced improvements through regular inputs /suggestions. 
Arrange outdoor field trips for students. 
Overseeing administration of the Institute. 
Follow-up with each department for smooth functioning. 
Daily reporting to the Management/Principal. 
Monthly reporting to the Management/Principal 
Working experience under ERP system. 
Maintenance of official documents and records Section Head &Teaching: 
Drawing annual syllabus for the academic year. 
Outline monthly and daily planner. 
Engender periodic subject worksheets & assessments. 
Conducting remedial classes for slow learners. 
Holding monthly competition and awards by grade. 
Demeanor power point presentation, projector and visual shows. 
Classroom / Floor management and discipline. 
Indoctrinate English speaking within the school campus. 
Interactive sessions and counseling with parents. 
Systematize Annual function, Sports day and Cultural Festival. 
Active participation in observations, comparing on stage programs. 
Personal Information 
Education 
MA in psychology. 
M.A in Education M.Com 
B.Ed (English & Economics). 
PGDEMA 
Diploma in Early Child Care Education (ECC Ed) & Montessori Teachers Training(MTT). 
Courses Completed 
Certificate in Personal Counseling. 
Certificate in Career Counseling. 
Certificate in Computer Operations from Silvertech Computers. 
Certificate from ICAI in Computer Appreciation & System Analysis & design. 
Dissertation Work 
A study on the level of stress of teachers in conducting academics on regular teaching periods and during observational teaching periods 
A study of the perception of teacher educator and pupil teacher towards the credit based semester and grading system in the B.ed syllabus. 
A study on endowment policies of insurance companies 
A study of role of the parents in imparting motivation guidance and support to their wards. 
Personal Minutiae 
Date of Birth : 17th February, 1967. 
Mailing Address : Vasant Gardens, Mulund(W),Mumbai 400080. 
Tel. 
9221465917/+91-9867025777. 
Languages Known 
English, Hindi & Marathi. 
*
******* 
