 SAHIL TAGRA #14, Sec 27 A, Chandigarh, +91-9855145489 | sahil.tagra2010@gmail.com | https://in.linkedin.com/in/sahil-tagra-944b1a62 
EDUCATION 
B.E., Electronics and Communication, Panjab University, India 
Jul 10 May 14 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE AND INTERNSHIPS 
Software Developer (iOS), Click Labs Pvt. Ltd , Chandigarh, India Aug 14 - Till Date 
Click Labs is a young, enthusiastic team of mobile strategists, designers and developers, dedicated to help companies of all sizes leverage the exciting and dynamic world of application development and solution consultation. I worked as the part of the development team which was responsible for the design, development and implementation of the different mobile applications using Objective C/Swift. In addition to this solved bugs and developed live projects. Also, I have a very good experience in one to one communication with Client and leading the team. 
Technologies used: Objective C, Swift, C, C++, JSON, Cocoa Pods, MySQL, CoreData, Third party Libraries, Core Location, Core Bluetooth, AVFoundation PROJECTS (12 Applications) 
Get Angels Now 
Business A service provider application for online booking of massage and therapy. 
Developed and implemented complete functionality using Objective C language. 
Worked on Core Location, Google Calendar, SQLite, CoreAnimations, JSON, AFNetwortking, GoogleMaps 
OgaTaxi Designed and developed an on demand Taxi service Application. 
It has a customer side and a driver side application. It lets you see the closest available cabs around you and book with one touch. 
Technologies used: Objective C, Core Location, Cocoa Pods, Google Maps, PayPal, CoreAnimation, JSON, AFNetworking Bistro Offers Designed and developed a food service based application based out in Chandigarh/Mohali/Panchkula. 
It provides top deals near your location and one can earn points by redeeming offers and earn more exciting deals. 
Technologies used: Objective C, Core Location, Cocoa Pods, Google Maps, CoreAnimation, JSON, AFNetworking, AVFoundation, SQLite 
FreeBoard Designed and developed an on demand Boat Service Application. 
It efficiently connects Boaters with Marine Service Professionals, allowing the boater to focus more of their time on water and less time focused on repairs. 
Technologies used: Swift 2.0,Core Location, Cocoa Pods, Google Maps, CoreAnimation, JSON, Alamofire, AVFoundation, AVPlayer Conweigh Designed and developed an On demand mobile Container Weighing application. 
It has a customer side which helps you make a booking for a weighing your containers for shipment.Also, It has a technician side which receives the booking and weighs the container from the application connecting weight weighing equipments through Bluetooth. 
Technologies used: Swift 2.2, Auto layout, Core Location, Cocoa Pods, Google 
Maps,Stripe,CoreAnimation,JSON,Alamofire,CoreBluetooth,AVFoundation,Socket.IO TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Languages & Technologies: C++, Java, C, Objective C, Swift Software: Xcode, MySQL, MS Office, MS Access 
AWARDS 
Got Letter of Appreciation for the extraordinary work as an iOS Developer. 
Got 
Star Performer of the Quarter award the all around hard work in the quarter of the year. 
