Ranjitha Kochukuttan 9860637944 kranjitha07@gmail.com 
Current Location- Bangalore 
Summary: 
Experience in Recruiting and Sourcing and Involved in full cycle Recruitment involving sourcing, identifying and interviewing, screening and placing personnel in quick turnaround time in contract, contract to hire and direct hire. 
Experience in performing needs analysis, requirements definition, consulting on sourcing strategies, recruiting, screening, scheduling interviews, and closing candidates that can help actualize corporate missions. 
Areas of strength: 
Multi-location recruitment Applicant tracking system 
Database creation and maintenance Web-based sourcing/recruitment Building referral networks Professional Experience 
Sattva Media and Consulting Jan 17 Present 
Associate Consultant 
Execute research on companies, industries and executives for searches and business development. 
Develop target companies lists. 
Work with internal/external clients on Talent Management. 
Assist partners, principals, associates & consultants in identifying candidates (through cold calling) for various senior level positions. 
Generating a list of potential candidates meeting the position description by conducting candidate research using relevant prior searches, internal databases and sources, candidate prospects & industry sources. 
Proficient and well versed with the processing & timely execution of research (primary and secondary). 
Collecting as much information as possible from candidates approached over the phone and ensuring it is stored appropriately. 
Lead and deliver search activities, which contribute towards customer acquisition and overall business growth. 
Participate in setting up of systems and processes towards monitoring and regular evaluation of business growth and performance through structuring the annual operating plan. 
Lead and deliver search assignments including engaging with client representatives on understanding search requirements, advising them on formulating the approach and process to the searches, source and provide appropriate candidate pools, facilitate candidate interactions, ensure selection and closure of offer, follow-through on joining by selected candidate as well as replacement services in case of failure of placement during the committed follow-through period. 
Strategic relationship-building and networking with sectoral and industry connect participating in events and activities that would support overall growth of the recruitment business unit. 
Work with key team members to design and develop the recruitment business strategy and plan for the search and recruitment business. 
Worked on a Compensation and Benchmarking report for a leading strategic philanthropic organization. 
ParallelHR Solutions, Nasik, India 
March 15 October 16 Talent Acquisition Specialist- 
Effectively recruited Candidates through Internet research, internal database, referrals and other strategies. 
Understanding the client requirements, co-ordinating for short listing and screening. 
Handled all the IT technologies involving combination of complex skill sets and rare technologies. 
Experience in Internet Recruiting through Google, Social Talent and LinkedIn, etc. 
Dealing with candidates on H1B, GC and Citizen, etc. 
Responsible to understand and analyze the requirements in different domain categories. 
Co-Ordinating and Scheduling interviews (Telephonic and Onsite) for the candidates shortlisted. 
Expertise in using job portals like Dice, Monster, Career Builder, Techfetch and Ladders. 
Handled the tasks of screening, selecting and submitting candidates to job orders. 
Technical Sourcing: 
Sourcing from job boards like Monster, CareerBuilder, Dice, The ladders, Tech fetch. 
Sourcing passive candidates from search engines like Google, Yahoo, and social networking tools such as LinkedIn, Face book. Twitter. 
Worked on Non IT requirements in Finance, Engineering, Logistics, Admin and clerical requirements. 
Sourced candidates on a daily basis by screening in coming resumes for basic usability, responding to potential candidates and process all new resumes accordingly to entering them into our resume Database. 
Finding contact details for candidates from online business directories , white pages, Yellow pages state.com and other advance search tools and websites 
Working on Applicant Tracking Systems (ATS) like Bullhorn. 
Maintaining daily and weekly operational reports and keeping a track on them. 
Currently working on Non Technical requirements for Financial, E-learning , Human Resource sectors Checking the resume quality and its relevance. 
Evaluate new tools and technologies for candidate search. 
Partner with recruiters and account managers to ensure most targeted sourcing strategies and implement them and give out the best H.R.College Of Commerce & Economics 
March 13 April 14 
Course Co-Ordination 
Assisting the Vice-Principal for Bachelor of Management Studies and Bachelor of Mass Media in overall co- ordination with report making, updates, student, parent & faculty coordination 
Education: 
Master s in Commerce (Management), Mumbai University, Mumbai, 2016 Bachelors in Management Studies, HR College of Commerce and Economics, Mumbai, 2014 HSC, BYK College Of Commerce, Nashik, 2011 
SSC, St. Lawrence High School, Nashik, 2009 
Achievements: 
Received An Award For the Most Hardworking Student From St. Lawrence High School. 
Received Merit Award and Scholarship of Rs 20000 (Under Dr. Ambedkar National Merit Awards 
Scheme). 
Received the General Leadership Award from HR College of Commerce and Economics. 
Extra-Curricular: 
Attended Summer School by Kings College London for International Marketing Course. 
Attended Certificate workshop 
Creating an Impact by KPMG 
Core Committee Member of Investment Club of H.R.College(ICHR) 
A project report on Creating Eustress in the Organization- the Managerial Role for 3rd year Bachelor of Management Studies. 
Attended Youth Conclave conducted by HR College of Commerce and Economics. 
Attended CSR workshop by Boccioni University. 
Completed the Leadership Program by the Universal Business School at Karjat 
