 CURRICULUM VITAE 
SUJITHKUMAR S. MUDALIAR 
Contact No : +91 8369528989 
9867529333 
Email Id : skumar.je2016@gmail.com sujith.juhienterprises@gmail.com 
Career Objectives: 
To pursue a challenging and growth oriented career in an organization that offers opportunities to learn & grow by delivering the results. 
Seeking a challenging career where I can utilize my academic and analytical knowledge and significantly contribute to growth of the organization with hard work and dedication. 
To set the Business Operations & manage resources and achieve the goal as a Leader 
Academic Qualifications: 
Year of Passing 
Masters of Business Commerce (M.COM) - 2014 Modern College (Mumbai University) 
Bachelors of Commerce (B.COM) - 2012 Rajiv Gandhi College (Mumbai University) 
Higher Secondary School Certificate (HSC) - 2009 Rajiv Gandhi College (Mumbai University) 
Secondary School Certificate (SSC) - 2007 Modern School (Mumbai University) 
Work Experience 
JUHI Enterprises - since May 2012 Currently working as Business Development Manager 
Operations Purchase - Sales & Accounts 
Purchasing Raw Materials of fresh Fruits and Vegetables from different Markets and Farms around the India 
Manage Loading, Packing, Deliveryand Distributionof products 
Maintain Sales list for products and Clarify the problems and issues after Post-Sales 
Generating new leads for Sales & Purchase in domestic and international market 
Implementing sales - marketing strategies and plans. 
Managing relationships with suppliers, vendors, sponsors, internal clients and community partners. 
Mentor, manage and supervise an inside and outside sales and purchase team 
Assisting in the recruitment, training and development of staff. 
Recognized for contributions to record-setting sales figures, territory startup/expansion and new account development. 
Maintaining Balance sheet, Financial statement, Profit & Loss A/c Issuing Purchase order, Proforma Invoice, Sales Bill and Tax Invoice etc Experienced in keeping the records of daily financial transactions and analyzing the financial & physical aspects of organization. 
Making use of technology to develop, implement, modify, and document recordkeeping and accounting systems 
Giving continuous, accurate and relevant feedback to company Directors and Senior 
Manager. 
Skills and Attribute: 
Self motivated, confident, proactive, open-minded with positive attitude, quick learner, Result-oriented and able to perform under pressure. 
Have good verbal and written communication skills, Data Entry skills, Numeracy skills. 
Good team worker and achiever of customers satisfaction, through hard work diligence and patience. 
Conversant and comfortable in effective use of computer, Cash Management. 
Excellent ability to sort, check, count and verify numbers. 
Convincing ability under any suitation and willingness to learn new things. 
Interests: 
My interests include Playing Chess, Listening music, Cooking food and Travelling 
Technical Skills: 
Typing speed of 45 wpm Basic (MS-Office) Have good knowledge of working in computer software and hardware Internet savvy 
Personal Dossier: 
Name : SUJITH KUMAR S. MUDALIAR 
Father s Name : Selvan 
Mother s Name : Alli Nationality : Indian 
Date of Birth : 12th 
August 1990 
Sex : Male 
Languages Known : English, Hindi, Marathi and Tamil 
Current Address : SS - 3 Type, Plot No 
278/279, Sector-3, Koparkhairane, Navi Mumbai - 400709 Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above mentioned particulars. 
Reference: Available upon request. 
Place: Navi Mumbai Date: 
(Sujith Kumar S. Mudaliar) 
