Shubham Aggarwal +91 9873411475 
shubh1193@gmail.com | https://in.linkedin.com/in/shubham1193 Profile Summary 
Management professional with experience in the field of Business Development and Marketing in the Finance domain. Experience in handling end to end Branch s financial operations, financial sales planning, P&L management and related matters. 
Hold a track record of heading the branch, and the team which has accomplished tremendous success by adhering to strict deadlines and delivering immense client satisfaction. 
Strong quantitative skills and analytical abilities, strategic thinking and business planning abilities, multicultural and cross-functional team leadership skills, excellent communication and presentation skills, project management skills, ability to thrive, the ability to solve problems creatively, ability to develop new ideas. 
Academic & Skills 
Educational Qualification 2016 Post Graduate Diploma in Management Finance & Marketing SDM Institute for Management Development 
2014 Bachelors in Business Administration, General 
JIMS, GGSIP University 
Skills & Competencies 
Financial Commercial Operations | Marketing in Financial Domain | Business Development | Branch Operations | Financial Sales 
Planning | P&L Management | Stakeholder & Customer Relationship Management | Working Capital Assessment | Marketing | 
Technical Skills - MS Office Suite PowerPoint, Excel, Word | ERP 
Sales Force CRM System (SDFC) 
Experience Timeline 
Management Trainee 
Janalakshmi Financial Services Pvt. Ltd., Varanasi, May 2016 Present 
Joined as the Branch Head, functioning in the areas of Branch Operations, Sales Planning, P&L Management and Customer 
Relationship Management. 
Monitoring the branch sales conversions and performing the risks analysis before lending to small branches. 
Managing the Branch Reporting & forecasting for the operational aspects of the business, including management of risks & opportunities. 
Managing all the transactions/activities which are done through FOS (Phablet Devices) for a cluster of 5 branches and coordinating with the IT department to solve the technical issues. 
Developing objectives-based process enhancements to enable more effective day-to-day management of business profitability Fostering strong relationships with business units/customers by establishing a customer service culture within the team Mentored the branch team of 25 members, motivating and guiding them towards becoming more financially competent in their approach to business decisions and improving the performances. 
Successfully achieving monthly branch sales targets, month-on-month basis. 
Monitoring the collections review meeting for the center and ensuring timely closure of the branch collections. 
Handling the escalations and making sure the issues are addressed and resolved at the earliest and in accordance with the SLA and within the TAT. 
Utilizing the CRM ERP system salesforce.com, for strong customer relationship management and escalation management. 
Managing recruitment of human resources and onboarding of the people. 
Managed the day to day IT operations of the branch with the help of the IT support. 
Finance Intern 
HCL Infosystems Ltd., Noida, Apr 2015 May 2015 
As Finance Intern, worked in the Working Capital Team performing the working capital assessment. Analyzed the balance sheet of HCL Infosystems and calculated financial ratios and calculated the MPBF and various sources of funds for the company. 
Summer Intern 
Neel Metal Products, Gurgaon, Jul 2013 
Aug 2013 Analyzed the working of the finance department of the company and created various letter of credits for foreign transactions. 
Certifications & Training 
Certified in Luxury Brand Management and International Management from MDI, Gurgaon under ISU 2015 
NSE Certified Capital Markets Professional from National Stock Exchange and cleared with 81% Academic Projects 
As a part of BBA, completed Market Research on Consumer Satisfaction of Hyundai Motors cars and after sales services . Through the research identified the external factors that influences the preference of a customer while purchasing a Hyundai car. 
Personal Detail 
Date of Birth January 1, 1993 Hobbies / Interests Travelling | Sports 
Address D-602, Apex Acacia Valley, Sector-3, Vaishali, Ghaziabad 201010 
