 SHRUTI DUA 
Tilak Nagar, New Delhi 18 +91 9999860223 
shrutidua90@gmail.com LinkedIn With good understanding in experiential marketing, theme/creative conceptualizing and execution of Events, I am focused on consistent quality work. As motivated and hard working individual, am seeking a new and challenging Managerial position, one which will make best use of my existing skills and also further my professional development. 
Core competencies: 
Good time management and organizational skills Enthusiastic and self-motivated Communication and customer handling skills 
Thomas Cook India Limited 
(Mumbai, Oct 14 Mar 15) (Delhi, Apr 15 - Current) Manager, Sales & Client Servicing Events 
Key Roles & Responsibilities - From Conceptualizing up till Successfully Executing 
Domestic & International events - Expertise in event planning & marketing 
- Proven track record of delivering successful events - Research and find the opportunities in the areas for the cost savings - Managed projects with direct Vendor, Production and Artist Contacts. - Individually and assertively organized events for number of clients like: Dupont, Cargill Foods, Sanofi Pastuer, Samsung, ICICI Prudentials, Schneider Electricals, TATA Rallis, TATA AIA, ACC/ Ambuja Cement Ltd, Berger Paints, Birla White, Klueber Lubricants, Adhunik Steels, PWC, etc. 
Percept Sport and Entertainment 
(Mumbai, Jun 13 Oct 14) Senior Executive, Client Servicing 
Key Roles & Responsibilities - Creating, Developing and Project Managing corporate events. 
- Client acquisition and management - Event Management execution via Backstage Management, Set and Fabrication, TLB and FB Management, Artist Management, etc. at a Vast Level. - Individually handled projects: Blue Star Multicity Dealers Meet, Blue Star InfoTech- Two City Annual Gala 
Night, Mercedes Auto Car Performance Show 2013, Vodafone 
Do It Delhi, Vodafone 
Road show, DBOI 
Dinner Party, HUL PureIt, and others. 
WORK EXPERIENCE - 1) Seventy Seven Entertainment 
(Mumbai, Dec 12 Jan 13) Trainee, Artist Management 2) Fountainhead Events Pvt. Ltd 
(Mumbai, Jun 
12- Jul 12) Intern, Client Servicing 3) Blind Relief Association, 
(Delhi, Dec 11 Jan 12) Intern, Marketing 4) Mahuaa TV Channel, Noida 
(Delhi, Jul 10 Aug 10) Trainee, Editing Department 5) Press Trust Of India 
(Delhi, May 09 Jun 09) Intern, Proof Reading and Media tracking KEY HIGHLIGHTS: 
(A)Events & Management Planned, coordinated and managed industries top celebrities like Shaan, Urvashi Rautela, Shalmadi Kholgade, Neeti Mohan, Neha Kakkar, Sukwinder Singh, Vir Das, Kapil Dev, Sonu Nigam, Gaukar Khan and so on and so forth. 
In addition to Sponsorship, Venue and Operations, managed more than 15 Celebrities (from Gulzar Sir, Hema 
Malini, Jacky Shroff, and so on) for a three day Film Festival, Cinema 100 at Whistling Woods International. 
While working with Percept, have been the part of highlighted events like: Jaguar F Type Launch, Forbes 
India Art Awards, Mercedes C Class, 
59th Idea Filmfare Awards, Hero stall Auto Expo Delhi, Lusofonia 
Games 2014, Goa, Femina Miss India 2014, Vodafone Family Day 2014, Puravankar s Wedding. 
Worked with WOW Awards Night 2012 for 30 hours as a part of one of the Live Projects. 
Attended FICCI Frames 2012 and interviewed top media industrialists and other industry Speakers, compiling detailed reports for the Internal Newsletter. 
Leaded a Twelve Member Team for creating an Event - WWI Inspiration, Delhi 2011; managing 10% profit. 
Also created space for sponsorships for venue and branding for the event. 
Volunteered (Crowd Management and Operations) in Common Wealth Games 2010, held in Delhi. 
Photography and creative designing for a Sports event, IBSA (Indian Blind Sports Association) 2012 Produced a multi-camera Panel Discussion in a college studio. 
(B) Marketing: 
Worked with a Marketing Team of UTV Disney for a 30 days project on the Marketing of the Film Ship of Theseus, written & directed by Anand Gandhi. 
Designed Marketing plan for First Cinema 100 organized at Whistling Woods International which led to the Footfall of over 7000 guests and participants. 
Conceptualized a business plan and a marketing plan for a Youth centric Media Magazine. 
Designed a marketing plan for a Rural Development Programme in Araria District of Bihar. 
INTERNSHIPS COMPLETED EDUCATION: P.G Diploma in Media and Communication, specializing in Event Management 
Whistling Woods International - School of Media & Communication, Mumbai; 2011 2013 
MBA(Global) in Media and Entertainment, specializing into Media Management Skills. 
Annamalai University, 2011 2013 
Graduated in Bachelors of Journalism and Mass Communication 
G.G.S.I.P University, Trinity Institute of Professional Studies, Delhi; 2008 - 2011 
PERSONAL SKILLS: 
o Basic Knowledge of: Adobe Photoshop, Adobe PageMaker, Corel Draw, Quark Express, Adobe Premiere 
Pro(editing software), Final Cut Pro(editing software), Camera- DSLR 
o Cleared NCC cadet Exam with `A Grade in the school. 
o Completed Intermediate level of learning Jazz Dance Form from Ashley Lobo Danceworx. 
