 Wael Mohammed Abd El Aziz 
Address : 
Ein Shams -Cairo-EGYPT 
Mobile Number : 01064964485 
Email Account 
: waelmohamed079@gmail.com Date of birth : 4-1-1989 
Nationality 
: Egyptian 
Marital Status: Single 
Gender : male Education 
University Nasr city College Bachelor of Social work Department Psychology department 
Spanish Language Course : Level 3 and Ongoing 
Obtain a certificate of ICDL. 
Obtain a certificate of Software 
MS Office (MS-WORD, MS-EXCEL, MS-ACCESS) 2010 General English ( from Jan. 2010 till 2011) 
Spoken LanguagesArabic-Degree Mother LanguageEnglish-Degree good spoken and written Ambitious, Hard working and enthusiastic. 
Responsible and very strong problem solving. 
Fast learner and very good communication skills. 
Ability to work within a team and as individual, can work under pressure, manage stress and have the ability to teach and help others. 
Creative patient and able to inspire others. 
Self Motivated and have the ability to meet deadlines successfully maintaining the quality of work. 
Skilled at encouraging others and is self-motivated Ready and willing to assume responsibility 
Reliable hard worker, willing to learn more skills Computer skills in MS Office Internet 
Emailing 
Personal Information 
Trainning courses Computer and Language Skills 
Soft Skills 
Summary of Qualifications : 
Office Management 
Follow-up to customers Computer Systems 
Communications Technology 
Computational Methods 
1-superviuser with LALS GROUP in homes r us Abu Dhabi ( I year ) 
Make customers feel valued, welcomed and accepted. 
Treat each customer as if he or she was the most important person on the planet. 
Understand the mindset of a customer. 
Patient with demanding customers Learn about a company s product or services quickly. 
Make a customers experience as enjoyable as possible 
Manage different departments within the store. 
Handle customer questions, complaints, and issues. 
2-superviuser with Landmark Group in ICONIC Dubai mall 
( 1year and half) Make customers feel valued, welcomed and accepted. 
Treat each customer as if he or she was the most important person on the planet. 
Understand the mindset of a customer. 
Patient with demanding customers. 
Relay information in a concise and clear manner. 
Remain calm, courteous and respectful at all times (even when customers are angry and argumentative). 
Quickly understand and interpret customers' needs and wants (even if this means having to read between the lines). 
Quickly research and investigate issues that concern a customer. 
Take ownership of customer s needs, and always see problems through until they are fully resolved. 
Learn about a company s product or services quickly. 
Make a customer s experience as enjoyable as possible 
Work Experience: 3 Supervisor With Next Kids in City Stars 
( Cairo 1 year ) 
o Providing excellent customer service o Processing transactions quickly and accurately o Winning sales to meet targets o Taking pride in your store and maintaining it to a high standard o Providing customers with an enjoyable shopping experience o Manage retail staff, including cashiers and people working on the floor o Ensure pricing is correct. Work on store displays. Attend trade shows to identify new products and services. Coach, counsel, recruit, train, and discipline employees o Organize and distribute staff schedules. 
o Preside over staff meetings. Help retail sales staff achieve sales targets. 
o Manage different departments within the store. 
o Handle customer questions, complaints, and issues. 
4-Work 
Public Relation field With hassabo Hospital 
(Cairo 1 year ) 
* Continuing Customer Monitoring Evaluating The Role Of Staff And Responding Quickly to Problem solving Any * Communication And Customer Handing Skills 
* 
League Action Are Visitor Reception Problems And Work To Direct Things And Solve 
Problems If It Is In My Specialty 
* The Speed Of Dealing With The Computer And Answering The Telephone And Speed Of Response To Customers 
5- Customer Service with Etisalat Company Egypt ( 2 years ) Strong Interpersonal communication skills.. . Problem analysis and problem solving Organizational skills and customer service orientation Adaptability and ability to work under pressure Obtain a position as a team-player in a people-oriented organization where I can maximize my customer-service experience in a challenging environment to achieve the corporate goals. 
Obtain a customer service management position where I can effectively utilize my expertise in customer relations and staff leadership. 
REFERENCES ARE AVAILABLE UPON REQUEST 
Thanks for your time 
Wael Mohammed 
