Chantal Nicolas-Viteri 
144-67 41st Ave Apt 222, Flushing, 11355 | (646) 808-4418 | cknicolasv@gmail.com Objective 
I am a highly motivated college graduate with a major in psychology, skilled in research and analysis with experience in administration and education. Ultimately I aim to undertake Master's level training in combination with full-time work. 
Education 
BACHELOR OF ARTS: PSYCHOLOGY | 2012 | HUNTER COLLEGE ASSOCIATE OF ARTS: PHILOSPHY | 2008 | LAGUARDIA COMMUNITY COLLEGE 
Skills & Abilities Excellent oral and written communication skills, analyzing information, an ability to multitask, strong attention to detail and be able to work autonomously. 
Concerned with quality. Produce work that is orderly and attractive. Ensure tasks are completed correctly and on time. 
Problem analysis, use of judgment and ability to solve problems efficiently, critical thinking, and creative thinking skills. 
Excellent knowledge of Brightree, MS Office Suites, SPSS, and QuickBooks. 
Knowledge of group and organization behavior and of individual behavior. 
Fluent in Spanish. 
Experience 
BUSINESS ADMINISTRATOR | EASTERN MECHANICAL | 2014- PRESENT 
Maintain executive appointment schedule by planning and scheduling meetings conferences teleconferences and travel. As 
well as, represent the executive by attending meetings in the executive's absence; speaking for the executive. 
Conserves executive's time by reading, researching, and routing correspondence; drafting letters and documents; collecting and analyzing information; initiating telecommunications. 
Maintains office services by organizing office operations and procedures; preparing payroll; controlling correspondence; designing filing systems; reviewing and approving supply requisitions; assigning and monitoring clerical functions. 
Assisted with and reported to senior operational leadership regarding all project deliverables, customer service issues, departmental operational updates, and human resources activities and functions. 
Collaborated with customers, vendors, staff and senior management of partner firms to make sure information was communicated effectively. 
Conducted research, created project reports and developed presentations. 
Managed day-to-day workflow and championed efficiency within daily operational tasks. 
HEALTHCARE ADMINISTRATOR | ULTRA-MEDICAL | 2013-2014 Worked directly with insurance companies, health care providers and patients to produce and submit claims by using coded data such as ICD-9, CPT and HCPCS, while adhering to all HIPAA guidelines and regulations. 
Collected delinquent accounts by establishing payment arrangements with patients, monitoring payments and following up with patients when payment lapse occur. 
Maintain open communication and confidentiality with patients and referrals and protect families values by keeping collection information confidential. Serve and protect the hospital community by complying with professional standards, hospital policies and procedures, federal, state, and local requirements. 
ASSISTANT TEACHER | 82ND STREET ACADEMICS | 2012-2013 
Worked with a culturally and socio-economically diverse, various ability-level group of heterogeneous fourth grade students using engaging and effective lessons. 
Maintained on going communication with parents/guardians regarding children s activities, behavior and development, and responded to all parents/guardians concerns as they arose. 
Actively participated in activities which included: assessing student process, taking attendance, lunch/recess duty, keeping parents/guardians informed through newsletters, monthly progress reports/behavior charts, phone calls and email. 
Worked collaboratively with other teachers and professionals to create effective lesson that met the learning needs and abilities of all students. 
Page 2 HUMAN RESOURCES INTERN | DOUBLE TREE SUITES TIMES SQ | 2008-2009 Managed, organized and updated files, records, correspondence, charts and reports Performed HR office services such as: filing documents, printing reports and documents, stocking of equipment and supplies. 
Coordinated recruitment events, activities and induction for new hires, ordered and managed supplies, ordered office-staff lunches, handled phone calls and messages, incoming as well as outgoing. 
Handled discrete information related to employee relations, changes in the organization, performances, appraisals, confidential information issues, and other sensitive HR-related matters. 
