Kariminabil.maksudbhai@iiitb.org nabilkarimi92@gmail.com +91-9824766696 Ahmedabad, Gujarat. 
Objective: 
To associate myself with an organization that provides a challenging job and an opportunity to prove innovative skills and diligent work to contribute significantly in the success of the organization. 
Key Skills: 
Languages Known: C, Perl scripting, Shell scripting, Assembly, Embedded C. 
Boards/Architectures: Arduino (Atmel), Raspberry Pi (ARM), P8 & P9 processors (POWER PC). 
Tools: MATLAB, Exerciser tools (SpecCPU, HTX, Nova), FreeRTOS, Xilinx, PCB tools (Eagle, Protel). 
Networking Protocols known: RS-232, OSI & TCP/IP, I2C, SPI. 
Operating Systems: Windows, Linux, AIX, FreeRTOS. Knowledge of Computer Architecture, RTOS, Algorithms, Thread level scripting, CPU scheduling, 
Core/Processor & System validation, Kernel & Boot loader. 
Educational Qualification: 
M.Tech in Embedded Systems with 3.2 CGPA from International Institute of Information 
Technology, Bangalore. (2015 - 2017) B.E. in Electronics & Communication with 8.0 CGPA from GEC, Gandhinagar. (2010 2014) H.S.C with 78.40% from St. Xavier s, Ahmedabad. 
(2010) S.S.C with 87.85% from St. Xavier s, Ahmedabad. (2008) 
Professional Experience: 6 months Internship at IBM ISDL in Systems hardware Characterization team. 
Role includes Validating and Testing the quality of the developed products. I have automated various flows which helps in system bringup and integration, systems performance, hardware test and quality. 
1 month Summer Internship in Srishti ESDM. 
I had developed a standalone IoT product to control and monitor water flow in industries and integrated it with an existing product. 
1 year Project/Training at SAC, ISRO. 
I had developed, simulated, implemented and tested a Frequency detection algorithm to detect main periodic component of a signal. 
Subjects of Interest: 
1) Real Time Operating Systems 2) Computer Architecture 3) Internet of Things 4) Inter-Device Communication 5) 
Circuit Simulation 6) Processor/Arm Architecture NABIL KARIMI (M.Tech in Embedded Systems) 
Projects: 
1) RunN flow Automation script to detect Failing seed for cycle repro on different systems. 
Automating the RunN Flow to track failing seed out of AVP workload by controlling system using telnet & SSH connections, Initial system bringup, error debugging and cycle repro. 
Languages used: Perl and Shell scripting 
Duration: 2 months (Apr- May 17). 2) Branch history Table (BHT) sequencer code automation & development Sequencing and controlling BHT stressor and HTX workloads on given threads per core, and parallelizing this across all the cores. 
Languages Used: Perl and shell scripting. 
Duration: 1 month (Mar 17). 
3) Control and Monitoring of Water Flow in Industries 
An IoT based Startup product, for controlling and monitoring of water distribution in industries. The system can be accessed remotely and all the data is stored in cloud. 
Boards/Language Used: Arduino, C, Sensors, Actuators. 
Duration: 4 Month (Mar-Jun 16) 4) Scheduling Jobs in Real Time Operating system Creating and Scheduling tasks based on priorities and sending data between tasks using queues. 
Tools/ Language Used: FreeRTOS, C Duration: 2 Month (Feb-Mar 16) 5) FPGA based Efficient Frequency detection of a periodic signal. 
To simulate, develop, implement and test a new frequency detection algorithm to detect main periodic component of a signal. The new Algorithm is used in Satellite tracking system. 
Tools/ Languages Used: MATLAB, XILINX, VHDL. 
Duration: 1 Year (May 13-May 14) 6) Propeller LED Design. 
Name and Design display with the help of single LED strip. The design can be changed by Wi-Fi or SMS with Message Display system. 
Tools/ Languages Used: 8051 Controller, C. 
Duration: 4 Months (Jan 14-Apr 14) 
Mini projects: Built a Security system using Raspberry Pi, ultrasonic sensor, camera, memory & Graphic display. 
Developed a custom communication protocol for highly noisy environment using RS-232 & CRC. 
Built a Self-Driven Quadcopter which can hover and move without a remote control using Arduino and sensors like Accelerometer, Gyroscope, Bluetooth. 
Built & developed a DTMF based Tele remote Control to control any device with a phone call. 
Activities: 
A part of Placement committee and Sports event manager in IIITB. 
Event manager of Robo Race, an event of TECHSKY-2012, GECG. 
