 Dana Eshell | 052-6178187 | dmoked.eshell@gmail.com 
Professional experience: 2012 
Present: Managing editor at Matrix 
Providing multiple channeled content solutions for both internal and external clients. Defining content strategies, creating the company's editorial calendar, establishing methodologies, writing standards and guidelines and creating work plans for my teams, in alignment with the company's ever - changing priorities and harsh deadlines. 
Managing a team of 27 employees, ranging from content writers, editors, UI specialists and designers. 
Leading the building of the new Gov.il official Government web site. Responsibilities include developing the content, creating work plans, overseeing the writing of the project's design and monitoring its content. Initiating and maintaining affiliations with the various ministries and reporting to the company's CEO. This project demands the highest level of detail orientation, maximum SEO and accessibility practice, as well as responsive writing and designing. Working closely with dev. to ensure that innovations and technological possibilities are constantly implemented in the site. 
Special accomplishments: Landing accounts with major ministries, crucial to the success and the sustainability of the project. 
Responsible for all the writing materials coming out of E Government, such as white papers, eBooks, reports, catalogues and presentations, and the branding of its products. 
Web 2 High-level management of all social media activities for E Government and its clients. 
Promoting new products and services via social networks, initiating new affiliations with relevant organizations, consulting with the public and relevant issues, and staying on top of the latest trends in all user - generated content. 
Management of cross organization projects and events, such as E Government's annual report. 
Conducting studies and researches, creating presentations for top management and hosting guests and missions from around the world. 
2010-2012: Chief Editor at 'Mega Post' magazine, Tel Aviv Editor in chief of a life style magazine for 'Mega' retail stores, with a distribution of 500k copies per week. 
Served as a member of the marketing team at 'Mega' retail chain stores, and participated in establishing the chain's marketing strategies. 
Lead the magazine to an editorial success. Carried out the companies agendas and marketing objectives without compromising the magazine's editorial integrity. 
Created the editorial board and managed a staff and crew of reporters, researchers, designers, photographers, stylists, etc... 
Held responsibility for the entire content of the paper and its layout, and supervised all cover shoots and magazine productions. 
Managed the paper's budget, negotiated and authorized vendors' contracts and terms of engagements. 
2007 2010: Head of Resource Development at 'Gvanim' Association, Sderot 
Responsibilities included fund raising and establishing affiliations with federations, foundations and philanthropies in the US and in Western Europe. 
Wrote grant proposal in English and in Hebrew. 
Wrote and translated articles and promotional materials for the association. 
2005 2007: Senior reporter at Clalit Health Care Services, Tel Aviv Senior writer at "Derech Haim" (Way of life) magazine. 
Wrote in depth articles, conducted interviews and researches on debated issues. 
Columnist at "20 plus" internet magazine. 
2002-2005: Reporter in various newspapers and digital media platforms Wrote for such papers as: 'Maariv', 'Israel Hayom' (Israel Today), 'Laisha' women's magazine and 'Ynet' news portal. 
Columnist at 'Asimon' women's website. 
Columnist and reporter at MSN's online life style magazine. 
Freelance copywriter in English and in Hebrew for clients such as McCann Erikson advertising Agency and YES TV franchisee. 
Translated and edited books and academic papers. 
1999-2002: Student in NYC 1998-1999: Copy writer at Drori Shlomi Advertising Agency, Tel Aviv Education: 2013-2014: System analysis graduate at John Brice College, Tel Aviv. 
2000-2003: Graduated Lee Strasberg Theater Institute, New York. 1997-1998: Copy writing graduate at ACC Advertising School, Tel Aviv. 1993-1997: B.A. Graduate - Tel Aviv University. Majored in English literature and History. 
Military Service: 1990-1992: Non - commissioned officer, Intelligence Force. 
Languages: Fluent English and Hebrew speaker and writer. 
*Recommendations will be submitted upon request. 
