 Aravind.S Mobile: +91-9738408011 
E-mail: aravind.sarasi@gmail.com Career Objectives 
Seeking for a challenging career opportunity with an organization that offers professional growth along with the organizational growth and that utilizes the best of my technical skills. 
Experience 
Current Organization: Future soft as System Engineer 
Client: HCL Technologies 
Since July 2013 Handling Tickets, resolving issues within the defined SLA Using HCL Centralized BMC Remedy Tool. 
Troubleshooting OS issue, Users Applications and Browser related issues by providing efficient on-site support and remote support through Dame Ware Mini Remote Control Tool or through Lync screen share. 
Diagnose and fix system hardware related issues. 
Installation and Configuration of windows Operating systems (Windows-XP, Windows -7, Windows 8.1, Windows 10 and Windows Server 2003 ,Windows server 2008 and Windows server 2012) and OS X. 
Encrypting the Laptops / Desktops based on the project requirements and Hardware configuration. 
SCCM-Deploying Operating Systems, Applications Packages. Windows updates Configuring and Troubleshooting of MS Outlook 2007-2010, 2013 and 2016. 
Troubleshooting user profile and Windows Login issues with the Domain. 
Installing & Managing Symantec Endpoint Protection antivirus. 
Configuring and troubleshooting Project specific applications like Solid works, Pro E, Catia, Oracle and SQL server and Visual Studio. 
Troubleshooting Network Printer related issues. 
Managing Standard requests like providing/ delimiting accesses of admin rights, RDP access and restoring user data as per the IT policy. 
Resolving basic network issues. 
Configuring and troubleshooting Citrix and VPN client issues. 
Attending Client call of different projects to test application and other issues. 
Additional knowledges/ Skills: 
Installation, Configuration and troubleshooting of VMware ESXi server. Creating, Installing, configuring and maintaining the Virtual Machines. 
Working on Active Directory to manage User accounts and groups. 
Working on File server. 
Working on DHCP Server. 
Installation, Configuration and Troubleshooting of Printer Server. 
Troubleshooting issues related to MAC OS X. 
Perform Windows NT backup. 
Management of Symantec Endpoint Protection 11.0 Working in Glopore IMS as Service Desk Associate 
January 2012 to July 2013 Technical Support/Customer Handling/Service Support Skills 
Proficient with Desktop, Laptop, Hardware and Software related issues Strong Command on Verbal and Written English. 
Good written & verbal communication and presentation skills. 
Good analytical and problem-solving skills. 
Good understanding of networking concepts and protocols. 
Good hands on service desk ticketing tool and dashboard. 
Remote support Server monitoring Educational Qualifications 
Diploma in Electronics & communication Egg, B.T.L Polytechnic, Bangalore University. SSLC (10) from PSHS Kerala, in March 2007 Extra-Curricular Activities 
Certificate of Achievement - Yosemite 10.1 - OS X Support Essentials 
Cisco Certified in CCNA ID: 221876813 
I successfully completed 6 months course CNA (Certified Network Administrator) at JETKING Bangalore. 
N+, A+, CCNA, MCITP, EX SERVER, WINDOW 7 
I successfully completed two months course in Computer Fundamentals (MS DOS, MS WINDOWS, MS WORD, MS EXCEL, and MS POWERPOINT) with FIRST CLASS at DIIT Kerala. 
Hobbies 
Watching movies Playing computer games Driving 
Listening music Personal Details 
Fathers Name 
: Sarasijanabhan Pillai 
Date of Birth : 26 November 1991 Current Address 
: S/o Sarasijanabhan Pillai, G06, I land impression, kudlu gate, beside Trident Hyundai Showroom 
Bangalore, Karnataka 560106 Permanent Address : S/o Sarasijanabhan Pillai, Ambadi (H), Pallippuram po Cherthala. 
Alleppey, Kerala 688541. 
Languages Known : English, Malayalam, Kannada, Tamil and Telugu. 
Nationality : Indian 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Bangalore Aravind.S 
