Anup Moitra 
Technical Analyst - A.T. Kearney Ltd 
Gurgaon, Haryana anup.moitra@outlook.com - +91-9810753556 
I am seeking a position with a technology company that will allow me to apply and enhance my skills of being an IT engineer. In addition, I am eager to contribute my creativity and hard work towards the success of your company and to the growth of the fast developing field. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Technical Analyst 
A.T. Kearney Ltd - Gurgaon, Haryana - September 2014 to Present 
Job Responsibilities - Handling daily Technical Issue (Laptop/Desktop Hardware & Software issue) - Vendor Management - Assets management - IT assets procurement - Conducting VCs with clients, handling VC equipment's 
COMPUTER PROFICIENCY 
Operating Systems & Application 1. Installation of Windows XP professional, Windows Vista & Windows 7 2. Installation of various softwares. 3. Knowledge of basic DOS commands and Ms Office (Word, Excel and PowerPoint) with Typing speed of 40-50 words per minute. 4. Identifying and troubleshooting various types of errors and issue on Microsoft OS. 5. Able to do data recovery and restoration of data. Hardware 1. Installation and configuration of LAN. 2. Troubleshooting of network related problems. 3. Troubleshooting and maintenance of PCs. 4. Installation of device driver and hardware component. 5. Configuration of Printer, Modem and Scanner. Networking 1. Setting of small and medium size networks. 2. Internet connection and hardware sharing 
IT Helpdesk Engineer 
Royal Bank of Scotland - Gurgaon, Haryana - November 2012 to August 2014 Job Responsibilities - Responsible for identifying, monitoring and resolving Service Delivery Incident Issues, service requests and known system problems through to resolution within service level agreements. 
- Ensuring correct incident categorization, prioritization, identification of root cause issues, recovering the service where possible and escalation to responsible third tier support and business operations team if root cause is not located within the direct control of incident group, beyond the skills level of the team or past established recovery time thresholds. - Owning and Reporting of all Major Incidents and closing it with a Major incident report. 
- Performing the follow up on incidents, taking ownership for the co-ordination, investigation and documentation of customer request, issues and problems. 
- Control Incident time line and discuss with senior management about the resolution timeline. 
- Creating knowledge database to identify the impact area within minimal time duration. 
Technical Specialist (L2) 
iYogi Technical Services - Gurgaon, Haryana - January 2011 to November 2012 
Job Responsibilities - Diagnosing and resolving a wide range of technical issues over the phone and remote/chat. 
- Providing complete support for Desktop & Laptop Issues. - Handling Day to day related problem: - Mailing & Installation Issue. - Maintaining all U.S., U.K. and Australian home user's database. 
- Escalating calls and issues where necessary to Senior Technical Team. EDUCATION BBA 
Amity University 
