:E-mail sirajzakaria@gmail.com :Website 9823082000 :Phone 9823082000 :Address Flat No 1103, Building 
Angelic (E1) 
Nyati Elan, Bakori Road 
Wagholi, Pune 412207 Vodafone India Shared Private Limited Nov 2015 Jan 2017 
WIPRO Ltd. June 2014 Oct 2015 Siraj Dokadia 
Work experience Assistant Manager 
Handling a team of 23 Advisors and 5 SMEs. 
Responsible for meeting all client metrics as per the SLA. 
Conducting team huddles and One on Ones. 
Half Yearly and Yearly Performance Discussion with Team members. 
Monitor and reduce escalations and ensure timely closure. 
Completed Six Sigma Project for WIP Reduction. 
Working on Process change projects like SLA% improvement. 
Weekly and biweekly Customer performance reporting. 
Implemented Automation to reduce manual steps wherever possible from process steps. 
Achievements:- 
Six Sigma 
WIP reduction and SLA Improvement - JAS'16 
Assistant Manager 
Handled a team of 70 associates with 3 Supervisors reporting. 
Responsible for meeting all client metrics as per the SLA 
Conducting team huddles and training sessions. 
Monitor escalations and ensure timely closure. Also, work towards reduction in escalations Tracking STAR, conducting one-on-one with the team members. 
Maintain adequate knowledge levels on products, processes and systems used Supporting Team Leaders on the floor with similar activities. 
Ensure smooth functioning of the process and compliance to procedures and policy guidelines Delegating responsibilities to team members and ensuring work was done as expected in a timely manner Learned to proactively identify agent dissatisfaction, disassociation and potential attrition, and take timely measures to resolve them through one-on-one sessions. 
Ensure productivity targets are met daily Identifying Process Improvements and Implementing Updates for Internal & External teams. 
Achievements:- 
Siraj Dokadia 1 WIPRO Ltd. May 2010 June 2014 Inspiring Leader 
Leadership in transforming vision into reality - OND'14 
Team Award - BAU Cease 
Popularity Award - BAU Cease Team. 
Meeting All SLA's - OND'14 
Team Award - Cease Access Management 
Popularity award - Exceptional Performance in Access Ordering - OND'14 
Team Award - BAU Cease 
Meeting Performance and SLA's - JAS-14 
Special Recognition Award 
Driving to Meet Order Closure, PPR Quality and Cease Proof Compliance - JAS-14 
Popularity Award 
Popular with BT and Wipro Community for his decision making and people management skills, also for rendering smart solutions - AMJ-14 
Team Award - Cease Finance Vertical 
Cease FV Team has outperformed themselves by consistently achieving Zero Backlog and keeping the WIP stable. 
We only wish to aspire to the things they've achieved as a team, you're the best - AMJ-14 
Team leader Handled a team of 13-16 CSAs for 2 different queues at a same time. 
Conducting audits and providing agent coaching and feedback. 
Creating agent action plans. 
Conducting team huddles and training sessions. 
Tracking STAR, conducting one-on-one with the team members. 
RTTs to be passed in higher rate. 
Assist in preparing process documents for CIP queue Managing team when required. 
Handling escalations and Supervisory calls, assisting the team in process queries. 
Assisting and Helping new agents on the Floor. 
Also helped team to get the RTT successful and maintain SLA s as specified by the Client. 
Checking agent rosters and updating ITMS. 
Performing agent confirmations. 
Conducting team outings. 
Managing WIP of the Agents with Jeopardy Management 
Presenting monthly reviews to Managers 
Achievements:- 
Stellar Performance Award 
When a team outgrows individual performance and learns team confidence, excellence becomes reality. Cease team work has displayed this by dividing tasks and multiplying the success. Zero backlog for CCM and achieving all targets for 
BAU under the leadership of Siraj Dokadia - JFM-14 
BT Special Recognition 
Doing a Great job of PM in the Cease work through Wipro 
Inspiring Leader Award 
For his outstanding contribution to the Process - JFM-13 
Siraj Dokadia 2 WIPRO Ltd. July 2007 May 2010 
Prakrith Teleservices Sep 2006 May 2007 Certification of Appreciation 
For Driving Pragati awareness & employee engagement in Process/Function FY 2011-2012 
Subject matter Expert 
Heading a Team of 14 Associates. 
Briefing/De-Briefing session for improvement in scores and update dissemination Handled daily escalation calls with Clients. 
Trained a new batch on PPR tool Trained the floor on new Process of CIP SPOC for maintaining SOP s. 
Conducting test and weekly quizzes for Associates 
Conducting Recap Sessions for product and process Knowledge 
Maintaining the documentation of sheets & Dashboards 
Handling Escalations. 
Assisting and Helping new agents on the Floor. 
Achievements:- 
Certification of Achievement 
For successful completion of 25 Pragati's and contribution to Wipro's Quality and Continuous Improvement Journey 2009- 
2010 Certification of Appreciation 
You have been valuable contributor in continuing to meet goals and working towards making the process best in class 
EWE Rock! 
From BT Americas, In Recognition of valuable contributions to Exceptional service on Ingram Micro Project 
Certification of Excellence 
Star of the quarter for July 2008 to September 2008 Certification of Excellence 
Star of the month November 2007 Team Coach 
Handling team Airtel Outbound queue. 
Handled 4 teams for 16-18 CSAs Handling Customer Disputes, Taking Requests and Complaints of customers Resolving customer queries. 
Trained associates in process 
Handled escalations Achievements:- 
Best Team Coach 
Siraj Dokadia 3 Bachelor of Commerce 2011 2014 Higher Secondary Certificate (HSC) 2001 2003 
Secondary School Certificate (SSC) 2000 2001 
To increase the contact percentage by 60% Career Highlights 
Total 9 years of experience in Order to Cash/Order Management process. 
Successful completion of CIP transition from North America Region to BT-Wipro Pune 
Prepared Process related various documentations, presentations and check lists Maintained Zero Backlog and 100% RFT/OTD for US installation Team from Jan-13 and Apr-13 respectively till Oct-13 
Successful backlog reduction of Cease team to zero Part of Test and Turn up improvement project Reduced Escalations in Order Assurance Team from average 50 per day to ~1 per week Improved OTD (On time Delivery) for Quotation team from >70% to 95% Six Sigma implementation for WIP reduction Education 
Shobit University 
Amravati University 
Amravati University 
References 
References available upon request. 
Qualifications 
ITIL - Foundation 
Siraj Dokadia 4 
