GUNJAN BHUTANI 
Mumbai, (M)+91 9930796460 
gunjanbhutani@gmail.com 
Date of Birth: 16 Jun, 87 CAREER FOCUS 
To pursue a career in marketing & brand management 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Manager, South Asia Marketing, Mastercard India 
August 2014 Present (Employment Agency Octagon India, CMGRP, Interpublic Group) KEY RESPONSIBILITIES 
Campaign conceptualization, planning, agency briefing, execution & monitoring to drive marketing & business objectives. 
Devise B2B and B2C marketing campaigns to promote portfolios like cross-border travel, e-commerce and affluent. 
Work closely with account managers & issuers to ensure alignment & participation in Mastercard campaigns and programs. 
Introduce joint marketing calendars with partners to secure value deals and asset monetization opportunities. 
Lead the process with Loyalty Solutions team on various loyalty program constructs like Golf, Lounge and merchant offers to ensure alignment to the business objectives and create a strong consumer proposition. Partner with them in a cost effective, innovative and measurable manner. 
Lead marketing for Sri Lanka & Bangladesh - Work with the country managers on devising marketing strategy and campaigns based on country business drivers. 
Brief and manage agencies and stakeholders to finalize campaign & media plans. Closely track and manage budget for the countries. 
Work in conjunction with internal departments in Mastercard like Finance, Legal & Regional teams to ensure concurrence of marketing strategy with the overall business objectives. 
Analyze local sponsorship assets for collaboration and activate them in campaigns. Also, collaborate with global offices on global sponsorships & Priceless experience programs to adapt to campaigns in India. 
Senior Executive, Marketing, Sony PIX 
Multi Screen Media (now Sony Pictures Network India) 
September 2011 October 2013 
KEY RESPONSIBILITIES 
Developing and implementing brand strategies with a strong focus on the marketing and general business drivers. 
Promote tent-pole properties on the channel using strong consumer insights and create engaging and innovative 360 degree marketing campaigns. 
High level of involvement with the brand by keeping a constant track of the channel performance as compared to the competition & making sure the brand distinction & engagement levels are constantly high. 
Drive marketing of tent-pole properties with core focus on innovations and engagement in the digital space. 
Enhance brand visibility & brand awareness through both ATL & BTL marketing activities. 
Leading the process of briefing the Creative, Digital, Media, Event Management agencies to drive innovation and creativity in brand communication. Evaluate creative work and media plans. Execute all communication plans cross mediums. 
Working in conjunction with internal departments in the channel like Programming, On Air Promotions, Sales, Finance & Legal to ensure concurrence of marketing strategy with the overall business/brand objectives. 
Participating in research pre and post property launch to gauge consumer response, hence getting consumer insights to relevant marketing & communication solutions. 
Reviewing and analyzing brand performance and the competitive environment on a constant basis. 
PROFESSIONAL ACCOMPLISHMENTS 
Successfully executed the first celebrity led Priceless Surprise in India with Anil Kapoor. The campaign generated 28.2 Million reach, registered around 1 Million clicks to merchant sites and acquired 55,000 new users. 
Identified Rugby as the 2nd most popular sport in Sri Lanka and activated a global sponsorship asset, Rugby World Cup for the first time in Sri Lankan market. Successfully partnered with HSBC Premier for an activation and usage campaign that led to a 14% growth in processed volumes between 2015 and 2016. It was the most successful campaign in Sri Lanka in recent times. 
Partnered with MAMI Film Festival as sponsors and successfully leveraged the property for B2B hosting to strengthen and grow existing relationship with important partners and showcase Mastercard assets. Around 150 senior management across issuers and partners attended special events like gala premiers, parties and receptions, Masterclasses and independent panels. 
Successfully leveraged a local sponsorship asset, Yash Raj Studios to successfully launch a campaign to promote travel category and cross border transactions. With the help of the campaign ambassadors Ranveer Singh and Vaani Kapoor, the campaign reached 20MM people, engaged 2.7 MM unique users, received 435 valid entries, drove over 3.8 MM Video 
Views and received over 644K clicks on our merchant offers. 
Introduced campaigns around popular passion pillars like travel, sports, music and movies and leveraged global assets like 
UEFA Champions League, GRAMMY Awards, French Open and Priceless Turkey to drive consumer preference. 
Conceptualized & executed the First Twitter based Interactive Premiere on the channel for premiere of the movie Men in Black 3. It created immense interaction and excitement among users catapulting Sony PIX into the No 1. Position in channel ratings. Increased online brand engagement among the youth by introducing properties like PIX Movie Club (the club grew in size by 70% in an year) Chicks on Flicks (adapting the on-air show to online format successfully), Big Break (successfully conducted the contest across college campuses in Delhi, Mumbai & Bangalore), & PIX Premiere Nights (tie-ups with movie studios for premieres of their upcoming releases across 3 cities) among others. 
Successfully executed The Amazing People campaign for the premiere of the movie, The Amazing Spiderman on the channel. A microsite was launched & in just a week, over 50,000 people were tagged as a part of the largest web of amazing people online. The movie became one of the highest rated premiere in the genre of all time. 
Handled marketing campaigns for sport properties on the channel like FA Cup, NBA & prestigious awards like BAFTA. 
Initiated & executed various on-ground activities across colleges, promotion at Comic Con India, trade activations etc. 
Effective campaign for re-launch of the channel with new packaging & new positioning of Stay Amazed . 
OTHER KEY PROJECTS 
1. Test and measurement of effectiveness of new products: Bell Ceramics Limited, Delhi 
Identifying the influencers and channel partners for the company and analysis of their response towards new products of the company. 
2. Branding & marketing the indigenous art form of the Warli tribe - 
Project Warli under SIFE (Students In Free 
Enterprise, now Enactus) 
The underprivileged Warli tribe is assisted in earning a sustainable livelihood by marketing and selling their products, expanding the product line and looking for new sales channels. The project won at the regional level & was further nominated to compete at the National Round of SIFE Championship 2010. 
3. Application of Perpetual Inventory System in a Warehouse: Lifestyle International Pvt. Ltd. (Max Retail Division), 
Gurgaon 
The application of PIS led to drastic reduction in stock discrepancies after the initial month of application by use of proper documentation and continual physical stocktaking procedure. 
4. Increasing productivity: Orient Craft Limited, New Delhi 
Increasing the productivity of the garment manufacturing facilities by improving the efficiency of the operators in the production line and thus increasing the productivity through line balancing and time study techniques. 
5. Textile Industry Internship: Vardhman Group Of Industries, Baddi, Himachal Pradesh 
Understanding the manufacturing processes in textile industry. Gained exposure to all aspects of woven fabric manufacturing: spinning, weave design, weaving, dyeing, finishing and practical approach on fabric testing and inspection procedures. 
ACADEMIC PROFILE 
Degree Institute / School Board Year Results 
PGDM KJ Somaiya Institute of Management Studies & Research, Mumbai 
SIMSR 2011 67% Bachelor of Fashion 
Technology 
National Institute of Fashion Technology, New 
Delhi 
National Institute of Fashion Technology 2009 64% HSC Gyan Bharti School, Saket, New Delhi C.B.S.E 2005 80% SSC Gyan Bharti School, Saket, New Delhi C.B.S.E 2003 86% EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
Team Head, CSR Activities of SIFE Somaiya Social Cell at SIMSR (2009-11). 
Member of the organising committee for college annual fest SPECTRUM in 2nd and 3rd year of college. 
Won first prize in 
Green My Money , an initiative to spread awareness on environmental issues at MPSTME, NMIMS University. 
Regional winners of SIFE (Students In Free Enterprise, now Enactus) Championship 2010 and represented the college in the national round of SIFE Championship. 
