 RESUME Shilpa.r.s E-mail: shilparaksha89@gmail.com 
Phone: 9738380373 
Address: #184/6, Hongirana,54th Cross, Near Ram Mandir, Rajaji Nagar. 
objective Intend to build a career with leading organisation of hi-tech environment with committed & dedicated people, which will help me to explore myself fully and realize my potential. 
Work Experience 
Working with BVG India Ltd. Since May 2015 to till date. 
Worked with Leverage Business Solutions.From April 2013 to January 2015. 
Worked with IGSLabs Technologies Pvt Ltd.From july 2010 till March 2013. 
Work Summary: 
BVG India Ltd ( May 2015 to till date) As a Executive - HR: 
Roles Responsibility 
Handling end to end recruitment Process. 
Source, Screen, Evaluate and Select Candidates through a Structured Recruitment Process Designed to obtained the best Candidates and follow up Action. 
Conducting Telephonic Interview. 
Scheduling for Walk-ins Interviews. 
Coordinating interview schedules with the Technical Panel. 
Sharing an interview feedback with the interviewed candidates. 
Posting Jobs in different websites for any position at given period of time. 
Mass Mailing Jobs to Candidates. 
Maintaining the Database. 
Employee Background Verification. 
Preparing & issuing Offer Letter & Appointment Letter. Collecting required documents from the new joined employee. 
Introducing new employee to all department staff. 
Generation of Employee code, Employee ID Cards, E-mail ID, workstation and login-ID, Bank Account opening. Updating employee details to the Master database. 
Maintaining employee personal files. 
Generation of letters like Confirmation, Conversion, Transfer, Increment & promotion. 
Maintaining & updating personal records, , Plan & keep track of probation, confirmation dates of employees & ensure timely implementation of the probation, confirmation, assessment process for all new employees 
Generating reports of MIS, attendance report, new joinee left employee report etc. 
Circulating the performance appraisal Forms to all the employees who are eligible for the appraisal. 
Co-coordinating the appraisal system Preparing promotion and increment letters. 
Managing welfare measures, organizing employee events, medical insurance Policy scheme, Birthday Celebration, Contest etc. to enhance motivation levels & productivity. 
Conducting exit interview . 
Email ID deactivation, preparing Clearance Form. 
Looking into full and final settlement of employees. 
Generation of Relieving Letter & Experience Letter 
Leverage Business Solutions ( April 2013 to January 2015) 
As a Senior HR Recruiter: 
Handling end to end recruitment Process. 
Responsible for recruitment process of ITES Professionals 
Recruit All Levels of ITES professionals 
Screening, Formatting Resumes, Background Verification of Candidates to present it to the Clients. 
Scheduling and Coordinating Interview with the Client 
Source, Screen, Evaluate and Select Candidates through a Structured Recruitment Process Designed to obtained the best Candidates and follow up Action. 
Posting Jobs in different websites for any position at given period of time. 
Mass Mailing Jobs to Candidates. 
Maintaining the Database. 
Coordinatingwith the team to resolve client's queries. 
Clientshandled: 
Amazon ,Accenture, Infosys,Mphasis,AxaBusiness Services,AdithyaBirla Minacs, Cross Domain, 24/7etc. 
IGSLABS Technologies Pvt Ltd ( July 2010 till March 2013) 
As a HR Consultant: 
Interacting with HRs to get requirements. 
Head hunting, arranging interviews, counseling, screening, short listing the candidates, conducting registration of candidates. 
Arranging Interviews in Client Place. 
As a Counsellor: 
Sourcing the candidates in different ways ( To advertising news paper, internet, free advertisement portals), and approaching people for weekend and weekdays programmes. 
Posting ads in different websites and coordinating with the student for training courses and project. 
Attending the quires of admission and try to convert the student. 
Counseling, follow-up & conversion of walk-in enquiries resulting in fresh billing. 
Converting telephonic, SMS, Toll Free & Internet enquiries into walk-in enquiries. 
Collection of installments due for the month, updating standard records 
Preparing Monthly Reports. 
educational qualification Master of Science ( Mathematics ) in Alagappa University 2012 to 2014 Bachelors of Education ( Physics & Maths ) in J.S.S College 2009 to 2010 Bachelors of Science ( PCM ) in Maharanis 
Science College for Women 2009 to 2010 additional qualification Knowledge of computer basics ,ms office. 
leadership qualities Leader in implementing updation in various things in school& college, Presently doing it with great effort. 
personal details 
DATE OF BIRTH 
- 1st June 1987 FATHERS NAME 
- Mr. Sujnana Murthy 
MOTHER TONGUE 
- Kannada 
LANGUAGES KNOWN - English, Kannada and Tamil. 
I here by solemnly declare that the facts stated above are authentic and true to the best of my knowledge. 
DATE: 
BANGALORE 
(Shilpa.RS) 
