 Page 3 of 3 GHANSHYAM ARORA Flat No- B-701, Urja Tower, GH-8, 
Sector-47, Gurgaon 
Mobile: 9971078607 &9999245257 
E-Mail: iamarora@gmail.com 
Post Graduate in Sales -Marketing and Materials Management. 
SYNOPSIS 
Expertise in more than 15 yrs in Business Development, new acquisition , Sales and CRM function 
Focus on top line & bottom line profitability by ensuring optimal utilization of resources available. 
Keen to learn and adaptive with new function and organization. 
SKILLS 
Problem Solver (CRM) - Focused and determined to deliver the output, as per the organization requirements 
Go Getter- Self motivated and willing to deliver the result, individually as well as with team. 
Multi Tasking- Handled various assignments, apart from sale and marketing function (KRA given), Self Driven - Always ready to Adapt , learn, Guide and Mentor and delivered the commitments on TAT 
Team Management -Recruitments, Induction, training and mentoring the team. 
CONTENTS 
April14-Till date with Vertex Customer Management India Pvt Ltd as Network Sales Manager- Noida / Gurgaon 
Acquisition of new franchise network,(Branch), business partners and associates to meet company as well as later (Associates) expectation, to have win-win situation 
Planning & Implementation, to grow the franchise Network in potential and untapped markets. 
Handhold, supervise, and onboard new Franchisees. (SLA). 
Promote positive relations with partners, vendors, and distributors. Take their feedback for improvement of internal policies and processes to ensure delivery of quality outputs. This lead to enhancement of revenues across all processes being serviced by the franchisees. 
Sustain the existing franchise Partner and grow their revenues through various engagement activities. 
Implement the company sales and marketing functions through Franchise Network, to increase the revenue from the partners (ITD and NSDL). Engage the franchisees for the new processes (KPO), P2F, and third party products and provide training, CRM and solutioning them. 
Ensure Compliance and Audit of the branches. 
National sales coordination with all the network sales team on daily basis. (Added responsibility). 
Jan13- Jan14 with Growth Icons/Cosmic Infrastructure Pvt Ltd as Manager- Noida 
Identifying prospective clients, generating business from the existing clientele, thereby achieving business sales and volume. 
Business development, channel management and team management to ensure Sales and Marketing of Residential and commercial projects at Noida and G.Noida. 
Deals in various marketing & promotional actively to ensure customer engagement and investor retention. 
Area Mapping & marketing activity to acquire new customers & Corporate and generation of the business. 
Drivingsalesstrategies for attainment of periodical targets with a view to optimise revenue, both directly as well as through channel partners. 
Corporate or retail presentations to promote the company's projects, pointing out the USP of the projects vis-vis those of the competitors in the region. 
Online & offline lead generation, sales support activities, brand management, Corporate communication. Motivated the salesteam to achieve the targets. Organized exhibition, trade show and Increased channel partners. 
Sep09- Dec12 with Niyojit /Wealth Mantra/ Karvy as Asst Manager- Noida and Meerut 
Ensure revenue goals are achieved through effective communication of plans, through various BD activities. 
Networking and building relationships with business partners and corporate sales, franchises to build and expand client relationships. 
Responsible for BD, achieving Profit Targets as well as Product wise targets. 
Developing new business partners (MOU), Channel partners, Alternate channel, to expand product reach in the market and coordinating with the dealers to assist them to develop the product and business. 
Managing the Sales of all financials products and Distribution of Third Party Products 
Team management, interfacing with Sales Force & Back Office Staff i.e. Assistant Managers, Sales Team Managers, Relationship Managers and Sales Executives. & mentoring over 32 staff of Sales, Back Office and MFS (UTI) Department. 
Coordination with UTI, BOI, team management and drive the sale through them , to expand product reach in the market. 
Responsible for Administration, Back office / Operations. Ensuring compliance to NSDL/CDSL/SEBI and attending to annual NSDL/CDSL inspection of branch along with monthly internal audit. And other statutory regulations required. 
Ensuring timely preparation of MIS reports to provide feedback to top management on financial performance. 
July07-Sep09 with ICICI Securities Ltd. as Center Manager-Faridabad 
Business Development (Branch Sales) and Servicing / Sale of various corporate & High net worth accounts and clients across product mix. 
Branch Client Servicing involving understanding their needs, perceptions and expectations of the customer and customizing the product as per their needs. 
Maintaining Branch Cost Effectively (P&L), Controlling Unnecessary revenue leakage at branch Level. 
Accountable for monitoring the overall branch Sales, Business Development & operations. 
Servicing HNI clients in terms of timely visits to ensure consistent satisfaction level and regular business flow. 
Motivating team for revenue generation & managing profit centre operations with profitability excellence. 
Team management with undertaking regular business reviews, feedback sharing, joint field work and displaying On Job Training to ensure each individual is motivated and assigned targets are met month on month basis. 
Immediate resolution of customer issues/grievances confirming a better CustomerCompany relationship via FCRM. 
Handling external and internal customer grievance and service complaints. 
Ensuring faster turn around (TAT) by training and development of staff and maintaining quality control by doing periodic quality checks. 
Ensuring compliance with the policies related to lending and collection from the customer leading to a better portfolio. 
Novr02-July07 with Nicholas Piramal India Limited as Territory Manager/ A.B.M Chandigarh 
Growth Path 
Nov02 
Aug05 Territory Manager, Delhi and Ghaziabad HQ 
Aug05 
July06 
Area Manage, Chandigarh. Retention & Acquisition of the Retailer and Product prescribers and Key decision maker in the arena. 
Handled sales & Business Development, logistics and Operation across 4 states, i.e. Punjab, Himachal, Haryana and J & K with efficient team of 6 Territory Business Managers. Mapping and acquisition of new distributors and retailers across the 4 state to sooth the distribution & product availability process. 
Handled the distribution networks of Punjab, Himachal, Haryana and J & K through 4 C&F agents & 21 Distributors and more than 500+ retail shops. 
Successfully worked across 15 cities and 8 towns market in north India with in depth penetration. 
Responsible for achieving Area Profit Targets as well as Product targets. 
To develop, motivate, lead, assist, and direct a team of sales personnel in order to achieve company objectives 
Logistics: To Take care of local Warehousing, C&F Activities, Transport Management, Inventory Control and Purchase order execution. 
Development of Area: appoint distributors in new / existing territory in order to enhance volumes and market share. 
March'01-Nov'02 with Wockhardt Ltd (Bhopal-M.P) 
Product presentation and detailing to the customer and resolve their query & Objections. 
Area combing & Mapping and new client acquisition & retention in respect of product mix. 
Handling of distribution network from HUB to retails level. And ensure availability of all the products. 
Achievements: 
Various Successful launches and award in various product categories in Pharma 
Received the best Managerial Skills certification for the Yrs 2008 and 09. 
Millionaire branch for 3 consecutive months in the Yr 2009. 
Best productive RM branch for the consecutive 3 quarters 2009. 
Best turn around Zonal branch certification in Yrs 2011. 
Launched Addhar Card for Meerut Branch, Highest Brokerage Branch for the Yrs 2011-12. 
Achieves Highest No of business partners and channel relations Yrs 2014-16. EDUCATIONS 
Master in Business Management in Marketing & Sales and Materials Management from FOMS Jabalpur.(2001) 
Graduation (B.Sc) from Kumoun University. (1999) Regards 
Ghanshyam Singh Arora 
(Reference on Request) 
