Ujwal Manjunath #82/41 15th main, 15th cross Padmanabhanagar, Bengaluru 560070 
9686451028| muddu1990@gmail.com 
EDUCATION Old Dominion University Norfolk, VA Master of Science: Computer Science, GPA 3.4 2011 
2013 Coursework: Mobile Application Development, Computer Architecture, Algorithms, Visual Analytics, Web Programming, Systems Programming, Distributed Systems and Database Concepts. 
Visvesvaraya Technological University Bangalore, India Bachelor of Engineering: Computer Science, GPA 3.3 2007 
2011 Coursework: Operating Systems, Algorithms, Database, Unix Shell Programming, Data Structures and Object Oriented Programming Concepts. 
EMPLOYMENT 
Deloitte Digital Denver, CO Senior Software Engineer 2013 2017 
Developed IOS applications for iPhone, iPad and Apple Watch. 
Developed Web applications and algorithms. 
Built Chatbots, TVOS apps, applications for Alexa and experimented new architectural design patterns (VIPER) to further professional development. 
Old Dominion University Norfolk, VA Graduate Assistant 2011 2013 Developed and helped maintain a web portal for students to upload assignments, and check grades and other course related information 
Lead weekly status meetings and supervised a team of 5 other engineers. 
PROJECTS Liverpool/Fabrica de Francia Sales Application Denver, CO Senior IOS Engineer 2016 2017 
Helped rewrite all the UI components/animations in the application. 
Assisted in setting up the Appearance Manager which would generate different UI colors and assets based on which app was running. 
Set up regular code reviews with a team of engineers working offshore and ensured code quality. 
Worked with the in-house design team to build a seamless experience for the user. 
Helped with migration of code from Swift 1.2 to 3.0. 
Bed Bath & Beyond/BuyBuy Baby Mobile Application Denver, CO Senior IOS Engineer 2015 2016 
Setup caching of catalog items using core data. Created a private child NSManagedObject Context to cache data asynchronously. 
Designed the architecture of the entire application using MVVM, singleton, delegation and Observer design patterns. 
Built a navigation manager which handles all the application routing. 
Aided in integrating some IOS features such as touch ID and 3D touch. 
Worked closely with an offshore team and ensured that the project was delivered on time. 
Assisted in developing an Augmented Reality (AR) experience within the app using the Vuforia framework. 
Integrated WKWebView and set up a WKScriptMessageHandler to receive messages from Javascript running on the webpage. 
Created frameworks to ensure and improve code reusability between Bed Bath and Beyond and Buybuy Baby. 
JCPenney Mobile Application Denver, CO IOS Engineer 2014 2015 Helped with setting up the service architecture of the application. 
Developed UI components and animations using core animation framework. 
Assisted in setting up the core data and network stack. 
Integrated Google Analytics to gather application usage data and Crashlytics to report crashes in the application. 
SKILLS Programming Languages Swift, Objective -C, C#, C, C++, Shell Scripting, Python, SQL, PHP, JavaScript and Java. Development Tools XCode, Android Studio, Visual Studio and Microsoft SQL Server. Design Patterns 
Model View Controller (MVC), Model View ViewModel (MVVM), VIPER, Delegation pattern, Observer pattern and Singleton Pattern. 
