Sambhu Dey 
Email: sambhu23@gmail.com 
Mobile: +91 9008626007 
http://www.linkedin.com/nhome/?trk= 
Profile Summary: 
A competent professional with over 7 years of experience across functions in IT Recruitment, which includes Team Management, India recruitment delivery, Global Sourcing delivery etc. 
Extensive user of Social Media for sourcing/recruiting in volume hiring, super niche skills & senior hiring. 
Strong in projecting Market Intelligent Reports to various business stakeholder & Recruitment higher authority as per the need Effective performer in reducing Vendor percentage irrespective of skills & level of hiring. 
Skillful in liaising with team, reporting manager, stakeholders & candidates to maintain overall amicable relations. 
Well versed with onsite hiring as well & well-equipped with campus Recruitment 
Core Competencies: 
End-To-End Recruitment Market Mapping 
Team Management Stakeholder Management 
Sourcing Strategies Special initiatives Requirement Analysis Reporting / Documentation 
Career Overview 
Organization Designation Duration 
From To 
Capgemini 
Senior Consultant 8-Jun-15 
Till date Wipro Technologies Senior Executive 15-Oct-12 5-Jun-15 
Allegis (Deputed to Wipro) Senior Client Recruitment Specialist 13-Aug-10 12-Oct-12 
Brains N Skills 
Recruitment Consultant 18-Aug-08 20-Mar-10 
Capgemini, Bangalore, India 
Accountable for entire hiring for I&D (Datawarehousing skill) business unit with the team of 4. 
Responsible for on-boarding 50-60 candidates in a month through contract or fulltime mode Collaborate & work closely with the Business function and Resource Management Team to formulate effective recruitment strategies Wipro Technologies, Bangalore, India 
Current Accomplishments 
Recruitment Lead: 
Accountable for recruiting Practice level hiring Global Transformation Organization, Business Outcome Services (HCIT and Wividus), Domain hiring and CIO, managing almost 200 positions in a QTR with the team of 4. 
GTO hiring patterns are Leadership level with spread across technologies HCIT hiring is healthcare domain hiring. And Wividus hiring, which is Non-IT support staff. 
Involved in the reviews calls with the Business Heads understand and achieve objective of hiring. 
Planning the evaluation medium, Scheduling the evaluation event with the internal stake-holders, Organizing & coordinating the discussions (telephonic or in-person), collating the feedback and informing the Practice Heads of the same Offering candidates as per the salary structure, negotiation to maintain internal parity. Ensuring adherence to SLA/Process/offer to Join Ratio. 
Utilizing all the sourcing channels for faster fulfillment 
Responsible for individual target along with team performance. 
Previous Accomplishments - Global Sourcing Manager: 
Gathering/Reviewing overall recruitments from Tower Head & recruiters on Quarterly/monthly/weekly basis for BI/Datawarehousig division. 
Managing Global Sourcing Team for A&IM Practice with the current team size of 12 (India-9 & APAC/EMEA-3) 
On an average quarterly basis responsible for profile inflow against 500 position across GEO 
Accountable for Minimum vendors utilization across GEO increasing internal profile inflow Preparing the Requirement Allocation sheet on a daily basis as per the priority business ask & sharing with sourcing executives to focus for the day Targeting on Early joiners/ with-in bin salaries candidates to adhere Talent Acquisition budget along with meeting on time business expectation/fulfillment 
Accountable for proper source mix like portals/Linked-in/Employee Referrals 
Conducting daily/weekly review meeting with team to address their concerns and improve quality of the sourcing along with team productivity. 
Organizing weekly calls with all Recruiters to know the status of each positions and prepare fulfillment plan for next week through daily or weekend interviews Maintain weekly/monthly dash-board to overlook on team performance Preparing/Sharing monthly/quarterly dash-board with DRM to have an overview on the positions and discuss on the challenging areas and come out with effective solution. 
Accountable for team appraisal based on the performance matrix & discussion. 
Responsible for organizing Reward & Recognition program quarterly basis for the significant performer in the team. 
Accountable for presenting Market Intelligent report as per the critical situation to give concrete solution to business & as well as Recruitment team, this helps everyone to take valuable decision. 
Accountable for Attrition Control, this should not exceed more than 10% in a year. 
Brains N Skills, Bangalore, India 
Key Accomplishment: 
Accountable for four joiners or one Lakh billing in a month. 
Responsible for Business Development, Client Relationship and Closures. 
Clients: 
Bell Softech, Arctern, Sumeru Software Solutions, Nimbeon Technologies, Cerulean Infotech Solution etc. 
Education: 
DOEACC O in 2006. (Computer foundation course which includes C, C++, HTML, MS Office) 
B.Sc. under Guwahati University in 2005 
