 MANDAR G. MUNJ 
Mobile: 093203 11377 * Email: mandarmunj@rediffmail.com 
A BRIEF SYNOPSIS MMS in Marketing with experience in overall nearly 18 years in Channel Sales, Retail Sales, Key Account Management, Corporate Sales as well as Business Development. Currently Associated with Trident Ltd. as Vice President - Sales & Marketing. 
Possess excellent organisational, analytical and relationship management skills. Experienced in coordinating with internal/external customers: implementing procedures & service standards for achieving business excellence. 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE 
Channel Sales Key Account Management 
Marketing & promotions Relationship Management Budgetary & Cost Controls Negotiations 
Strategic Planning & forecasting Team management Retail Operations 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE & SIGNIFICANT ACHIEVEMENTS 
Since July 2013 : Trident Limited As General Manager (Sales & Marketing) Home Textiles Division Joined as AGM (Sales & Marketing) Key Deliverables 
Sales : Taking care of Sales with focus on achieving predefined sales target with growth across West Zone. Forecasting & planning sales targets and executing them in given time frame. 
Marketing : Analysing latest marketing trends & tracking competitor activities & providing valuable inputs for fine tuning sales & marketing strategies. 
Business Development : Planning penetration strategy for the brand and successful implementation of the same. Appointment of new business partners after thorough study of the market. 
Relationship Management : Managing Customer Centric Operations & ensuring customer satisfaction by achieving delivery timelines & Service Quality norms. 
Notable Achievements 
Achieved 92% overall growth & 78% Like to like growth over previous year in the region. 
Appointed 4 new distributors in key markets in the region. 
Developed new products to increase offering for institutional customers & generated new business worth 6 cr. 
Successful implementation of FOS (Feet On Street) program to increase reach and generate business. 
PREVIOUS ASSIGNMENTS 
Worked with Raymond Apparel Limited as Senior Manager -Sales. (July 12 to July 13) 
Responsible for establishing presence in LFS Channel and with E-Commerce retailers. Was also responsible for managing Sales of brand 
Raymond in TRS Channel (The Raymond Shop) comprising of Franchisee & COCO stores. 
Notable Achievements 
Achieved 78% overall growth & 46% Like to like growth over previous year in overall business. 
In Large Format Stores increased presence from 20 selling points to 45 i.e. addition of 25 locations. 
Successfully negotiated terms & launched 
RAYMOND with e-commerce partners like Jabong & Flipkart. Also Started business with Metro Cash & Carry & Promart for liquidation of old season stocks. 
Worked with PJL Clothing India Ltd. (PEPE JEANS) as National Head-Key Accounts & Ecommerce. (March 09 to July 12) 
Responsible for selling and financial management of a Key Account base. Primary function was to drive account profitability through door based action plans and managing retail performance standards. The Key customers include Lifestyle, Shoppers Stop, Central, Globus and Pantaloon as well as E-commerce partners like Flipkart, Jabong, & Myntra. 
Notable Achievements PEPE was awarded TOP performing brand with largest share across all categories in Central for 3 years in a row. 
Successfully negotiated business terms with Lifestyle & regained lost market share in span of 6 months. 
Successfully revived presence in Pantaloon s & Globus. 
Negotiated and started business with E-commerce partners like Jabong, Myntra etc. 
Worked with Levi Strauss India Private Ltd. as Zonal Sales Manager-West. (February 07 to February 09) In June 2008 got promoted as Zonal Sales Manager to manage Retail & Distribution business of brand 
Dockers for West region. 
Achieving Sell through and Sell In numbers as per business Plan. Setting up monthly value and KPI Targets for the stores. 
Productivity based sell through planning for each store around critical retail KPI s. 
Conducting staff training - Customer Service, Selling Skills, Product Knowledge and KPI s. 
Ensure VM standards by following VM plan & guidelines circulated by Head Office. 
Worked with Levi Strauss India Private Ltd., as Key Accounts Manager -Levi s Jeans (Feb 07 to May 08) 
Management of Key Accounts based in West region .Key clients :Shoppers Stop, Westside, Globus & Piramyd. 
Setting up door based business targets based on past sales data as well as growth plans. 
Negotiating & finalizing business terms & models & pushing for more space in stores for larger presence. 
Sales & Stock forecasting especially effective Core Replenishment Planning. 
Managing Brand Staff Recruitment on Pan India basis and conduct training. 
SIS as well as SOH planning and implementation to ensure Brand Visibility within the stores. 
Planning Marketing Promotions to drive Secondary Sales 
Worked with adidas India Private Ltd.as Assistant Manager Institutional Sales. (March 06 to February 07) 
Responsible for planning, developing and implementing Sales program for institutional clients in west region for entire product range of Footwear, Apparels, Accessories and Gift Vouchers. 
To develop and execute sales to achieve stated objectives in relation to revenue and profitability. 
Developing strong relationships with key corporates for repeated business orders. 
Placing quotations and negotiating for large orders. 
Facilitate Corporate Order processing with product, sourcing, finance and warehousing teams. 
Worked with Raymond Ltd. as Assistant Manager- Institutional Sales- Fabric Division. (May 04 to Mar 06). 
Handling Institutional business of Raymond Ltd. through effective Channel Sales Management/ Direct sales. Also responsible for Institutional sales of Blankets/Gift Vouchers.Managing Key Institutional Accounts from major industries like Airlines, Hotels, PSU s, Corporate Accounts, Defense & Government Organisations and Educational Institutions etc. 
Worked with Vardhman Threads a division of Mahavir Spinning Mills Ltd. as Sales Executive (July 02 to May 04). 
Headed Industrial Sales Segment for the region. Dealing with Corporate Clients like Raymonds, Pantaloons, Reliance 
Welspun , Zodiac, Siyarams, Killer Jeans, Pioneer Embroideries etc. Dealing with Major Export Houses like Creative 
Garments, Texport Group, Alok Group. Launching of A&E (American & Efird, Inc) range of threads in Indian market. 
Worked with CHRISHIV, leading brand in ladies Ethnic Wear as a Sales Manager (July1998 to June 2002). 
Efficiently managing and improving on business relationships with Key Accounts and MBO s like Shopper's Stop, Pantaloons, Globus, Ebony (Delhi), CIE Ltd. (SAGA), Sheetal, Kala Niketan, Roop Milan, Amarsons etc. Responsible for operations and profitability of Company Owned Retail Outlets for brand CHRISHIV. 
ACADEMIC RECORD 
Degree/Diploma University Year 
Institute Grade 
S.S.C. Mumbai 1989 Nandadeep Vidyalaya Distinction 
H.S.C. Mumbai 1991 M L Dahanukar College First 
B.Com Mumbai 1994 M L Dahanukar College Second 
Diploma In Marketing Autonomous 1996 NMIMS First 
MMS(Marketing) Mumbai 1996-98 NMIMS Second 
Date of Birth : 28th May 1974 Communication Address : F 403, Satellite Garden I, Gen A K Vaidya Marg, Goregaon East, Mumbai 400063 Linguistic Abilities : English, Hindi & Marathi 
I hereby declare that all the information provided above is true to best of my knowledge. 
Mandar Gajanan Munj 
Date: Mumbai 
