 PRASHANT SAWNANI 
Flat No 121, Akash Darshan Society, Vakola, Santacruz (East), Mumbai, Maharashtra400055 | H: 022-22671245 | 
C:91-9820819331 | prashant.sawnani@gmail.com 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 13+ years functional experience in Human Resource activities in IT Organizations. Total of 15+ Years related to IT assignments. 
Good Analytical ability, proactive approach to problem solving, high initiative levels with appropriate assertiveness. 
Proven Capability with on hands Technical Recruiting (Personal billing), Team Leading & Account 
Management / End to End Operations Skills. 
Experience in a variety of roles and good Inter-personal/Communication skills 
CORE QUALIFICATIONS M.Com (With specialization in GNIIT Curriculum Advanced Management), Mumbai Diploma in Systems University Management & Software Currently pursuing Diploma in Engineering from NIIT (National Human Resource Management Institute of Information from NMIMS Deemed Technology). 
University. 
SAP ABAP Certification from B. Com from Elphinstone College USIPL, Andheri 
EXPERIENCE , Fort, Mumbai University. 
Java Programming from NIIT 
(National Institute of Information Technology). 08/2016 to Current Resource Manager / Operations Manager Total Business Solutions Inc. (www.tbs-consult.com) Andheri, Mumbai, India TBS Consulting Inc.is a professional services and consulting company focused on recruitment for all high-end IT Technologies including Salesforce, Data warehousing, SAP/ERP s & delivering information technology solutions and resources to Fortune 200 corporations in the USA. 
TBS offices are located in Chicago, IL in addition to an office in Andheri, Mumbai. 
Job Profile: 
All related activities for recruitments of technical & administrative staff for External Clients/ internal hiring. . Have handled Executive Search activities for Senior IT professionals in different domains. 
Complete focus in End to End Recruitment & Operations & also responsible for P&L for the entire team Highly technical & adaptive person working & closing technical/ 
functional/ Admin positions singularly & working as an individual contributor (with personal billing) despite handling multifaceted role. 
Involved in executive search operations on job portals like Dice, Monster, Corned, Tech Fetch and Indeed etc. 
Experienced with full cycle of staffing services, such as finding candidates through different sourcing techniques, Screening of resumes, interviews, salary negotiation etc. 
Taking care of recruitment formalities of new candidates, Weekly updates and generating reports on milestones and meeting target deadlines. 
Good working Knowledge on Corp - Corp, W2 and 1099 Tax Terms 
Major clients being handled: Canon, Mauser, Interactive Brokers, Moog, Baxter in addition to other fortune 200 & multinational MNC organizations 02/2008 to 08/2016 Resource Manager Cum Operations Manager /Account Manager Matrix Technology Group (www.matrixonweb.com) 
Andheri, Mumbai, India Matrix Technology Group Inc. is a professional services and consulting company focused on all IT Technologies including SAP / ERP & delivering information technology solutions and resources to major corporations in The USA since 1995. 
Matrix offices are located in New Jersey in addition to an office in Andheri, Mumbai. 
From business consulting and implementation to operations and continuous improvement, Matrix Technology covers all aspects of Client SAP/ ERP application in addition to all other IT technologies. 
Job Profile: 
All related activities for recruitments of technical & administrative Staff in addition to Client Servicing/Client Management (Including escalation issues) Have handled Executive Search activities for Senior IT professionals in different domains. 
Complete focus in End to End Recruitment & Operations & also responsible for P&L for the entire team 
Working as an independent Account Manager for CSC (Computer Sciences 
Corporation) specifically & leading a team generating excellent revenue/margin for the organization Highly technical person Working & closing technical positions singularly also & working as an individual contributor (with great personal billing) despite handling multifaceted role. 
Sourcing resumes through job sites, Matching skill set with requirements. 
Job profile is relative to managing recruitment for middle as well as senior positions for large organizations. 
Databank search and Internet search for the candidates. Understanding the client's requirement, & processing the requirement within a stipulated time frame. 
Experienced with full cycle of staffing services, such as finding candidates through different sourcing techniques, Screening of resumes, interviews, salary negotiation & worked closely with other Account Managers to sort out issues etc. 
Correspondence with consultants and candidates, arranging conference calls/video conferencing, Scheduling and coordinating telephonic interviews and personal interviews, Conducting Technical discussions & Personal interviews Taking care of recruitment formalities of new candidates, Weekly updates and generating reports on milestones and meeting target deadlines. 
Good working Knowledge on Corp - Corp, W2 and 1099 Tax Terms 
Major clients being handled: Accenture, Computer Science Corporation (CSC), Infosys, TCS, HCL, Wipro in addition to other fortune 500 & multinational 
MNC organizations 11/2006 to 10/2007 
Senior Consultant Intertek Global Services (www.igsrs.com) 
Andheri, Mumbai, India InterTek, Inc. is a professional services and consulting company delivering information technology solutions and resources to major corporations in Southern California since 1998. 
InterTek offices are located in Santa Monica and Irvine in addition to an office in Andheri, Mumbai. 
Intertek provides IT Consulting services to Major Fortune 500 organizations such as American Honda, Farmers Insurance & The Capital Group etc. 
Job Profile: 
All related activities for recruitments of technical & administrative staff. 
Have handled Executive Search activities for Senior IT professionals in different domains. 
Sourcing resumes through job sites, Matching skill set with requirements. 
Correspondence with consultants and candidates, Arranging conference calls/video conferencing, Scheduling and coordinating telephonic interviews and personal interviews, Conducting Technical discussions & Personal interviews Taking care of recruitment formalities of new candidates, Weekly updates and generating reports on milestones and meeting target deadlines. 
Major clients being handled: American Honda, The Capital Group & Farmers 
Insurance Etc. 
01/2006 to 07/2006 Senior Career Consultant Teamlease (www.teamlease.com) 
Andheri, Mumbai, Maharashtra TeamLease Services Pvt Ltd (TeamLease ) is India's largest Staffing Company offering a range of Temporary & Permanent Services to its client. 
Established in 2001, TeamLease currently employs over 45000 Employees across industries and functions. 
Teamlease is active across all industry and functions with domain experts to anchor specific industry verticals. 
Teamlease is today the single largest HR outsourcing service provider with vertical specialization. 
Job Profile: 
Job profile is relative to managing recruitment for middle as well as senior positions for large organizations. 
Databank search and Internet search for the candidates. Understanding the client's requirement, & processing the requirement within a stipulated time frame. 
Converting client's requirement into Revenues. Screening & shortlisting suitable profiles against the requirement. 
Coordinating with candidates for scheduling interview dates coupled with their conveniences. 
Presentation of company and HR policies. 
Major clients being handled: IBM, Lehman Brothers, CRISIL, Equant, CGI etc. 
04/2004 to12/2005 
Asst. Recruitment Manager Harjai Software Consultancy (www.harjai.com) 
Malad, Mumbai, India Harjai Software Consultancy (www.Harjai.com) is a focused recruitment organization established in 1996 with the objective of meeting the need for highly skilled Indian software professionals for software development and consulting organizations. 
Job Profile: Job profile Includes managing recruitment in middle as well as well as senior positions for large organizations. 
Understanding the client's requirement, & processing the requirement within a stipulated time frame. Converting client's requirement into Revenues. 
Databank search and Internet search for the candidates. 
Screening & short-listing suitable profiles against the requirement. 
Coordinating with candidates for scheduling interview dates coupled with their conveniences. Organizing walk-in interviews in various locations. 
Updating resume database, generating reports from the system. 
Weekly updates and generating reports on milestones and meeting target deadlines. 
Presentation of company and HR policies. 
Major clients being handled: SISL, L&T Infotech, Atos Origin, Covansys, KPIT, Bristlecone India etc. 
10/2002 to 03/2004 
HR Manager Emerald Business Solutions Infotech Pvt. Ltd Bangalore, India Job Profile: 
Overall in charge of all related activities for recruitments of technical & administrative staff & HR of the personal interview panel. 
Sourcing resumes through job sites, Matching skill set with requirements, Correspondence with consultants and candidates, arranging conference calls/video conferencing, Scheduling and coordinating telephonic interviews and personal interviews, Conducting Technical discussions & Personal interviews Taking care of recruitment formalities of new candidates, Weekly updates and generating reports on milestones and meeting target deadlines. 
Clients being Handled IBM / Covansys. 
07/1999 to 07/2000 S/W Development & Technical Support Executive HSBC Bank (www.hsbc.com) 
Mumbai, India Job Profile: 
Responsibilities included design, Development and Testing of software applications in Client Server technology, Object Oriented and Web based environments using GUI interface based tools, such as Visual Basic 5.0/6.0, Front Page 95/98, Visual Interdev 6.0 and ActiveX, Active Server Pages (ASP). 
Ability to be a leading team player with excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 
Involvement in Design and Construction phases of the user interface, business logic and data access components to meet user requirements using 
ASP, ADO, HTML, VB Script etc. 
AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS 
In -charge of Y2K solutions implemented at HSBC local branch. 
Numerous Debating & elocution awards. 
Volunteer Recognition Award (Social Service). 
Team Training. 
BUSINESS SKILLS SKILL LEVEL YEARS OF EXPERIENCE 
Planning Highly organized and goal oriented. 
Expert > 13 years Leadership Effectively managed, trained & motivated teams. Expert > 13 years Problem Solving 
Adept at conflict resolution. Expert > 13 years Client Servicing Superior customer service skills. Expert > 13 years Interpersonal 
Strong communication and decision making skills Expert > 13 years 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Possess strong interpersonal & communication skills Professional work ethic and commitment to ensure business needs are met Strategic planner and good communication skills 
Able to adapt and work well with all kinds of people, requiring minimum supervision. 
willing to constantly learn on the job & contribute substantially, irrespective of the situation by putting up best efforts Self-motivated and a committed person with a drive & zeal to excel SPECIAL SKILLS S-DOS 6.22, Windows 95, Windows 98, Windows 2000, Windows XP, windows 7/8/10 etc. 
Microsoft Office (including Ms. Word, WordPerfect for Windows, Excel, PowerPoint, MS Mail) Working knowledge of HTML. 
Highly adept/Experienced with All types of ERP/CRM/TRM/ATS Software s Highly proficient with Local Area Network use and use of the internet PERSONALITY 
Possess strong interpersonal & communication skills Strong relationship management capabilities 
Maintain a positive work atmosphere by behaving and communicating in a manner so that you get along with candidates, clients, co-workers & C-Level Managers etc. 
Interest in learning new technologies, highly self-motivated and strong work ethics Ability to work under pressure OTHER INTERESTS 
I enjoy cricket, table - tennis, and playing chess. 
Extra-curricular Activities Participated in Dramatics & debates on a regular basis Participated in English Speech 
Competitions. 
Personal Details Name: Prashant S. Sawnani Gender: Male Occupation: Resource Manager / Account Manager/ Operations Manager (Andheri, Mumbai) 
