Shlok Dave 
PGDM - Marketing & Operations 
E m a i l s h l o k d a v e 1 2 1 0 @ g m a i l . c o m 
M O B : + 9 1 - 9 9 5 8 6 2 7 4 8 6 EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATIONS 2014-16 PGDM(Gen) Lal Bahadur Shastri Institute of Management, New Delhi 
8.92/10 
2012 B.E (EX) Medicap Institute of Technology and Management, Indore 79.88% 2008 Class XII Rajeev Gandhi H Sec School, Bhopal 80.60% 2006 Class X Campion School, Bhopal 
92.40% 
KEY KNOWLEDGE AREAS MARKETING : Consumer Behavior, Sales & Distribution Management, Strategic Brand Management, B2B Marketing 
OPERATIONS : Supply Chain Management, Operations Management, Total Quality Management, Enterprise Resource Planning 
SKILL SET MS Office, Research ,Pre Sales, Business Development, Proof of Concept, Negotiation skills, Time Management , Production support, Client Coordination 
WORK EXPERIENCE DETAILS 
TOTAL WORK EXPERIENCE - 35 MONTHS 
Organization: Infosys Ltd. 
Position: Associate Consultant (MAY 2016 Present) 
Job profile Working as Functional Consultant in 
Oracle EBS R12 modules (Inventory, Purchasing, Order management) & Oracle Transportation Management 
(OTM) in current role. 
Worked in Design, Development, UAT, Go-Live and Support phase of OTM ERP implementation for an Electrical Equipment Manufacturer of Europe. 
Analyze new business requirements/enhancements and prepare a detailed plan for implementing the change. 
Pitching 
Zero Distance ideas to cl ient and try to monetize the deals. 
Worked on POC and gave demos to pitch OTM solution to prospective clients for their logistic needs. 
Prepare training material for u sers and keep it updated with latest modifications . 
Coordinate with cl ient on day to day activities and resolve user queries to maintain smooth operations . 
Use functional expertise and analytical skil ls to resolve crit ical production issues timely by coordinating with technical team members. 
Use managing skills to maintain coordination in team and channelized regular flow of information. 
Maintain record of current production issues and take regular updates on their estimated resolution. 
Draft estimated technical and functional efforts required implement CR s and share with client. 
Conduct competitor analysis of OTM service providers to ensure consistent improvement of POC solution. 
Conduct Business Research to find prospective manufacturing clients in EMEA r egion. 
Organization: Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. 
Position: Asst. System Engineer 
(JULY 2012 
MAY 2014) 
Job profile Led a team of six members in supporting critical application accessed by 100+ associates of an Indian private bank. 
Demonstrated domain expertise in Banking by providing live support to client s business . 
Design test cases and execute testing activities during deployments . 
Develop insights into new requirements and plan complete transition to production. 
Work on Automation of manual processes and demonstrate them to client for approval . 
Go for cl ient visit to check system performance and take user feedback on new functionalities. 
Worked with internal team to upgrade the system to a new server in order to enhance performance and minimize operational slowness. 
Responsible for inducting new team members and providing end to end knowledge transfer of the system. 
Prepare monthly plan for database archival and coordinate with windows team to implement it . 
Address cl ient issues during RBI clearin g window and coordinate over calls for 100% submission of cheques to NPCI. 
Supervise daily reconciliation of cheques and share clearing reports from NPCI with client team. 
Shlok Dave 
PGDM - Marketing & Operations 
E m a i l s h l o k d a v e 1 2 1 0 @ g m a i l . c o m 
M O B : + 9 1 - 9 9 5 8 6 2 7 4 8 6 INDUSTRY INTERFACE 
Summer Internship 
Project 
CAREERS360 
Apr 2015 to May 2015 
Project Title : To study purchase attitude of consumers while buying educational products online Manage relationship with major Education Category Brands and listed them on the marketplace Review product portfolio to increase both SKU optimization and new product speed to market Achieved study material portfolio expansion by developing and executing strategic product plan Plan marketing events and education fair stalls to enhance Careers360 brand. 
Plan meetings with publishers and coaching class professionals to get them sell their products on Careers360 marketplace. 
Prepare sales presentation by gathering data from MIS and developing insightful analysis. 
Work with digital marketing team for creating co-branding strategies and online ads. 
Coordinate with vendors to create special offers and combo packs to increase sales on marketplace. 
Ensure delivery of study material sent offline by seeking regular update with courier service. 
Provide support to customers for online test and study material activation. 
POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY LBSIM, New Delhi 
MITM, Indore 
Coordinator - Corporate Relation Cell (2015-16) Member - Summer Internship Cell (2014-15) 
Member Operations Club Eureka (2014-15) Volunteer - Core Team Member for Annual Tech Fest Vigor (2009) AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS Recipient of Lalita Shastri Award for All Round Performance in PGDM 2014-16 Batch at LBSIM, New Delhi. 
Awarded 2nd best solution of Marketing Module in Dishank-2014 at LBSIM, New Delhi. 
Awarded Chancellors scholarship in Academic Session 2009-10 for securing First position in EX branch in RGPV. 
Received certificate of merit for being in top 0.1 percent of successful candidates of AISSE,2006 Science & Tech 
PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN: 
TAPPING COACHING INSTITUTES (LIVE PROJECT FOR CAREERS360) 
3 MONTHS 
Studied and analyzed their col lege view form and created a form for coaching institutes to capture their data. 
Conducted competitor analysi s of similar products worldwide to improve our solution. 
Created a design of an engagement tool for students to search coaching classes near them by using pin code search. 
Designed concept and UI for 
Coaching Compare 
engagement tool for students. 
Ideated a solution to help students find coaching classes that will best fit their requirements. 
Recommended strategic marketing plans to core management of Careers360 to enhance brand recall . 
Use Badges Concept to collect student data from various data points and use them to enhance the quality of in-house free tools. 
STUDY OF CUSTOMER LOYALTY IN E-COMMERCE INDUSTRY (RESEARCH PROJECT) 
Conducted secondary research on e -commerce industry and its growth trends. 
Studied various online shopping categories and their future scope. 
Conducted primary research to determine key customer loyalty attributes for e comme rce shoppers. 
Extensively used social media to determine consumer sentiment and reactions toward online Sale by various websites. 
Used Alexa to compare ranking, bounce rate and traffic of various E commerce websites . 
Prepared marketing strategies to incr ease wallet share from present customers. 
Used quantitative techniques to prepare a perceptual mapping of e-commerce websites. 
Studied importance of after sales service l ike ease of returns for online buyers. 
