 Sanchika Singh Rana Building no 27, 29th Main, 4th B Cross BTM 
2nd Stage, Bangalore Phone: +91 9686324111 
Email:rana.sanchika@gmail.com Career 
Objective 
To actively contribute to the growth of an esteemed organization by using my skill-set and abilities to perform in challenging environments, thereby giving myself an opportunity to continuously evolve as a professional and an individual. 
Profile 
Working in a startup environment with 1 year 10 months of experience in Design, Development and Maintaining quality of Mobile applications 
Currently spearheading efforts with Webyog Softworks 
Pvt. 
Ltd as Test Automation Engineer for CloudMagic 
Automating test cases to span across the application end to end for maximum code coverage 
Driving test driven development adapting to new releases and providing instant feedback for new builds to shorten release cycles 
Leading team for delivering value by enabling support for Continuous Integration with build integrating tools 
Facilitating the team by capacitating them with tools like mail sending scripts and MIME appending script to ease the workflow 
Adept at all phases of SDLC, which includes: design, analysis, coding, testing, code reviews, implementation and system 
support Technical 
Skills Language: C, Objective C, Swift 
Scripting 
Languages: Java-Script,HTML,Python Development tools: Xcode, Kohana Key Strengths 
Prioritizing tasks and manage multiple assignments 
Identifying bottlenecks in processes that tend to kill productivity and removing them 
Proficient with Swift and Cocoa Touch Experience with iOS frameworks such as Core Data, 
Core Animation. 
Familiarity with RESTful APIs to connect iOS applications to back-end services 
Understanding of Apple s design principles and interface guidelines 
Knowledge of low-level 
C-based libraries. 
Experience with performance and memory tuning with tools such as Instruments Work History Webyog Softworks Pvt. Ltd (September 2014 to Present) 
Test Automation 
Engineer Projects 1. CloudMagic Email (iOS) 
Technologies: Objective C, Swift. 
Description: An award winning email app for iPhone & iPad. 
Works with Gmail, Exchange, Yahoo, Outlook, iCloud, Google Apps, 
Office 365 and any IMAP account. 
Accolades: Winner of the Internet's highest honour - The Webby Awards People's Voice 
"The best mobile email app" - The Wall Street Journal 
"With CloudMagic, you ll be amazed how much more productive your emailing on the go gets" TIME 
"The email application that lets you complete your work right from your Inbox" TechCrunch Role and Responsibilities: 
Test Automation Engineer 
Handling the UI automation of application for both, iPhone and iPad application end to end. 
Handling crash reports and critical client logs 
Bug reporting and on spot simulation. 
iTunes 
Link: 
http://goo.gl/H8c0U3 
2. CloudMagic Email (MAC) 
Technologies: Swift. 
Description: Email Client that works with Gmail, Exchange, Yahoo, Outlook, iCloud, Google Apps, Office 365 and any IMAP account. 
CloudMagic offers a clean user interface and an elegant solution for email management. 
Role and 
Responsibilities: Setup Mac App automation from ground up, planning and designing structure of swift 
scripts to span across the app for maximum code coverage. 
MAC App Store 
Link: https://goo.gl/KyD23K Education 
Graduation 2014 
B.Tech (Computer Science & Engineering), UPTU 
76.86% Class XII 2010 
St. Paul s College, 
Lucknow 
(ISC Board) 
91.75% Class X 2008 
St. Mary s Convent 
Inter College, Lucknow 
(ICSE Board) 
84.8% Declaration I 
hereby declare that all the facts mentioned herein are true to the best of my knowledge and 
I take total responsibility for the information provided. 
Sanchika Singh Rana 
