 1 Anjali Asawa 
Profile 1.6 years of IT industry experience encompassing a wide range of skill set, roles. 
Worked in EFMS Team as Developer and provided quick solution on high priority issues. 
Relative experience with development, customizations and implementation of software applications. 
Proficient in analyzing and translating business requirements to technical requirements and architecture. 
Strong database skills, Web service knowledge, Object Oriented Programming and development knowledge 
Executed software projects for Tele communications Ability to handle multiple tasks and assignments concurrently in cross-functional teams and a flexible team player able to communicate with all levels of personal . 
Worked extensively on developing persistent layer using JDBC Good Experience in solving High priority issues. 
Comprehensive Problem Solving Abilities. 
Good communication skills, interpersonal skills, self-motivated, quick learner, team player. 
Enthusiastic in learning new things. 
Skill Set 
Technologies : 
CoreJava, Servlet, JSP, Webservices,JavaScript,HTML,ASP.net 
Tools : 
SQL Developer, Eclipse, Soap UI, RAD, Putty,XML Marker,QC RDBMS : 
Oracle 9i, Oracle 10g,MySQL 
Languages : Java, Oracle SQL 
O/S : Windows2000/98/XP, LINUX 
Frameworks : TIBCO Inconcert, Spring, JUnit 
Servers : 
WebLogic 
Education: Master of Technology in Computer Sciences of Engineering - 2015, Amity University, Rajasthan. 
Bachelor of Engineering in Information Technology - 2013, Poornima institute of Engineering and Technology, Jaipur. 
Near sr. sec. school, chechani mohalla,pur, bhilwara, 
rajasthan 311802. 
Email: anjali15893@gmail.com 
Phone: +91-9929005550 2 Professional Experience 
NOV 30,2015 
Til l date, Associate Software Engineer /AT&T- EFMS 
IBM India Pvt. Ltd. 
India Started the carrier in EFMS-MIS(AT&T Application) as a developer. Worked under many seniors in the team. Gained the knowledge and way of perception on how to code from Seniors. Worked on many projects and production issues as well. 
As a Development team member, worked on many code projects and requirement changes for our IBM US customer AT&T 
Responsible for Developing code on each release in delivering solutions to our customer. 
Deliver new and complex high quality solutions to clients in response to varying business requirements. 
Responsible for handling GUI related requirements for the other projects as well. 
Responsible for managing scope, planning, tracking, change control, aspects of the project. 
Responsible for making the project members to test all the code before ST handoff. 
One of the three SPOCs for the post production support. 
Utilize in-depth knowledge of functional and Technical experience in ECOM framework to deliver projects in the new framework which reduced much of interface issues. 
Extensively supported production issues after the deployment. 
Key projects handled so far include MOW, Porting 
Supporting the production releases. 
Environment: Java, J2EE, Linux, Oracle , Weblogic Server, Inconcert 
Team Size : 5 - 10 Professional Achievements Awarded for Manager Choice Award twice in Augest 2016 and January 2017 in recognition of successfully handling complex projects. 
Appreciations from both client side and team management after every high priority production issues will be resolves immediately. 
I, Anjali Asawa, do hereby confirm that the information provided above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Place : Bangalore 
