MADHURA PRABHU A +91-9845846842 madhura1128@gmail.com 
Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra 
OBJECTIVE 
Looking for a career in the field of Business Process Management which demands the best of my professional ability and helps me in enhancing my technical and analytical skills and knowledge. 
EXPERIENCE 
Hindustan Unilever Limited 
June 2016 May 2017 
Supply chain Executive Trainee 
Analyze the current cost structure and implement cost saving techniques in warehousing, logistics and customer service Analyze the vehicle utilization across a geographical region and formulate strategies to improve vehicle efficiency. 
Analyze the peak expected demand for a particular season and strategically plan and manage manpower, warehouse and transportation 
Analyze the internal logistics of a production unit and implement techniques to reduce material movement and material handling thus improving productivity. 
Supervise team of 20+ personnel and ensure hassle free placement and delivery of purchase order Negotiate with third party service provider to ensure that the service provided meets the quality expectations and budget constraints. 
Analyze the current internal communication system, and design and implement a new communication system to notify supply chain team located across India regarding the upcoming changes in the product. 
Tesco Hindustan Services Limited 
July 2012 May 2014 Software engineer Collaborate with the stakeholders to elicit requirements, analyze the feasibility and customize the Oracle ERP application based on the requirements. 
Design, test and implement modifications into the application with minimal or no failures. 
Support the ERP application 24*7 and coordinate with different teams to resolve complex issues within SLA. 
Monitor the ERP application and optimize the performance of the application by automating tasks wherever possible. 
Maintain good professional relationship with the Indian and UK counterparts. 
Papa Johns 
Pizza India 
April 2015- May 2015 Operations Intern 
Analyze the current status quo of preparing a pizza and its quality across various outlets. 
Analyze the factors hampering the quality, delivery time and service and suggest ways to improve them Design the kitchen layout to reduce material handling and material movement to improve production efficiency. 
EDUCATION 
MBA in Lean Operations and Systems 
Christ University, Bangalore 7.35 CGPA BE in Information Science and Engineering 
NMAM Institute of Technology, Nitte 8.57 CGPA PUBLICATION 
Journal of Health Management - Assessment of Servqual Model in Hospitals Located in Tier II Cities of India Volume 
20 Number 1 (January-March, 2018). 
ACHIEVMENTS 
Green Belt in Six Sigma certified by KPMG. (2015) Underwent a workshop on Lean Awareness. (2015) Underwent a 3-day Learning and Development Intervention 
FEEL Employable organized by College for Leadership and Human Resource Development, Mangalore. (2011) 
Underwent practical course on Individual Effectiveness Labs, Organizational Effectiveness Labs and Immersive Group 
Workshops. ( 2009-10 & 2010-11) Diploma in C Programming from Manipal Institute of Computer Education, Mangalore. (2008) Cleared State level Carnatic music junior-vocal examination. (2002) 
ADDITIONAL SKILLS 
Good working knowledge in supply chain management Proficient use of MS Excel (pivot tables and macros), Power Point and Word. 
Proficient with the analytical tool SPSS. 
Hands on Knowledge SAP. 
Basic Knowledge on IBM Cognos for advanced data analysis. 
Willingness to take up challenges Ability to work creatively and very good attention to detail 
Charismatic and confident public speaker. 
Excellent written and verbal communication. 
Analytical and able to work in a constantly changing environment. 
Excellent organizational skills to attribute time to carry out responsibilities. 
REFERENCES 
To be furnished on request 
Declaration: I hereby declare that the above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge. 
Date: 17th June 2017 Place: Mumbai 
Madhura Prabhu A 
