 SURESH K: 8 8 0 1 3 4 0 4 6 2 chanti.suresh52@gmail.com (mailto:chanti.suresh52@gmail.com) OBJECTIVE 
To pursue a professionally satisfying growth and challenging career. Seeking a quality environment where my knowledge can be shared and enriched for the growth of the organization and self. 
SUMMARY OF EXPERIENCE 
Possessing 6.4 years of vast experience in the field of Computer Hardware & Networkingwhere Planning, Implementation, Administration and troubleshooting are involved with multiple platforms of OS viz., Microsoft Windows XP, 2003, 7, 8 & 10. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Company : Ariam Door Controls, Hyderabad, from Feb 2010 to till date. 
Designation : System Administrator. 
Ariam Door Controls is a certified business partner for Dorma India Pvt. Ltd. It is a leading supplier for Dorma Hardware like Automatic Sliding Doors, Spider Fittings, Shower Cubicles, Railings & Movable Walls. 
Job Responsibilities: 
Perform Microsoft Windows 2003 system administration, installation, upgrades, patching, tuning, and troubleshooting2003 server 
Maintain and troubleshoot a Windows 2003 Server in an Active Directory environment; utilize advanced troubleshooting skills and resolve computer and network problems in a timely manner 
Creation of users in Active Directory. 
Managing user accounts and giving share & security level permissions. 
Password reset and password unlock of users. 
Maintained and troubleshoot a Windows 2000/2003 Server in an Active Directory environment. 
Installing and configuring DNS and DHCP Servers. Administration, Disk space management for 
Servers 
Responsible to install, set up, maintain network and also configure the peripherals, cabling and equipments accordingly as per the requirement. 
Troubleshooting all windows server / server level virus calls and server backup related calls which have been assigned to the server support team Installing Troubleshooting Network & Local Printers. 
Upgraded network hardware and software components as required, performed installations, upgrades, and configuration of network printing, rights, security. 
Taking care of Wireless network installation LAN installation, maintenance & Positioning and Sizing for the customers requirement. 
Install local area network cabling systems and equipment such as network interface cards, switches and routers. 
TCP/IP Network Troubleshooting. 
Configuring Mail Clients Like Microsoft Outlook & Outlook Express. 
Backup/Restore of Client mails on Outlook Express and Microsoft Outlook. 
Providing Phone in Solution Solving the problems through Remote Desktop. 
Checking unauthorized USB access Maintain backup logs & verify completion of backups. 
Updating patches, troubleshooting and helpdesk activities for day-to-day operation. 
Desktop configuration and Maintenance, troubleshooting resolving all Computer Hardware Related Problems. 
STRENGTHS 
Comprehensive problem solving abilities. 
Excellent verbal and written communication skills. 
Willingness to learn team facilitator hard worker. 
Very good team player and ability to extract work from the team. 
SOFTWARE SKILLS 
Accounting Packages : Wings 2013, SAP (ERP) 
Ms-Office : Ms-Word, Ms-Excel & Ms-Power Point 
Good knowledge on Internet concepts. 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION 
B.Tech (ECE) in CMR College from JNTU, Hyderabad. 
Intermediate in Narayana Junior College, Nellore. SSC in Aditya residential school, Pamur.. PERSONAL PROFILE 
Name : K.Suresh 
Gender : Male 
DOB : 01-06-1986 
Marital status : Married 
Nationality : Indian 
Mother tongue : Telugu 
Languages known : English, Telugu, Hindi. 
Address : 
Venkateshwara Apt, Malkajgiri, Secunderabad 500047 DECLARATION 
I, SURESH K hereby declare that the information above furnished in the application are true, complete and correct to the best of my knowledge. 
Date : _____/_____ /2016 
Place : Secunderabad. 
SURESH K 
