Resume
 
M PURNA CHANDER 
Ph no: +91 8008965264 
Email: Purna5268@gmail.com 
Objective 
To perform, utilizing my skills and knowledge, in a manner which will lead to the successful growth of the organization and which will also land me in a successful marketing career. 
Practical knowledge: 
Creating, implementing, tracking, analyzing and optimizing Search campaigns. 
Ability to assist in the maintenance and monitoring of keyword bids, account daily and monthly budget, quality score and other important account metrics. 
I have good knowledge in Keyword traffic estimates and analytics analysis. 
Good expertise Knowledge in creating Remarketing campaigns that targets the right audience and achieves better performance. 
Good knowledge in email marketing. 
Manage social media properties such as Face book, LinkedIn and Twitter. 
Excellent understanding of internet and social media channels. 
Technical skills: 
In Google ad words: SEM, SEO, SMM, Email marketing. 
Windows 7,8,10. 
MS office, MS excel. 
Project profile: - PROJECT TITLE: - Electronic eye security system 
BRIEF DESCRIPTION: - 
My aim to development of this project is used for all kind of people at their organizations and factories and home to act as a security type. 
If fire accidents occur in home, any unknown person entered into the door, we can identify easily by the message by keeping GSM. We use different kinds of sensors like door magnetic and fire sensors to protect the equipment and working employs. 
Education qualification: 
Graduation in Electronic & communication from JNTU-H University affricated in 2015 Intermediate from Krishnaveni junior College in 2011 SSC from Triveni Talent high school in 2009 Date of Birth : 07TH Sep, 1994 
Languages : English & Telugu 
Preferred Location: Hyderabad 
ADDRESS : 
H No: 8-17/3, 
L B Nagar, near water tank Bhupalpally, Warangal 506169. 
Declaration: 
I am confident of my ability to work in a team. I hereby declare that the information furnished here is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Date : signature 
Place: 
Hyderabad Purna chander 
