Hinal Halvadia A/5,Akshardham 
Society, Date of Birth: 11-08-1988 
Nr. Noble School, H.hinal_11@yahoo.com Krishnnagar, Mobile No. +91-8000819658 
Ahmedabad- 382346 Objective 
To work in a challenging and dynamic environment to keep adding value to the organization that I 
Represent and serve, and to my self, while concurrently upgrading my skills and knowledge. 
Education 
I have done training for Android Development from Tops Technology 
L.J.Institute of computer application 
Sarkhej-Gandhinagar Highway, M.C.A. Ahmedabad-382346. - 6.59(CPI) (2016) C.U.Shah Science College Ahmedabad B.sc. with Mathematics 
(2010) - 50.0 % (aggregate) Akshay High School Ahmedabad 
H.S.C. 
(2006) - 53.5 % (aggregate) 
Servoday Vidhya Mandir Ahmedabad 
S.S.C. 
(2003) - 67.0 % (aggregate) Skills 
Programming Languages: C, C++, Core Java, Advanced Java, Android 
Scripting Languages: HTML, Java Script, Servlets, Jsp, JDBC 
Operating Systems: Windows XP, Windows 7 , Red Hat Linux , Ubuntu 
Database: Oracle9i,MySQL,SQLite,Php(WebService-phpMyAdmin) 
Packages: Microsoft Office Languages: English, Hindi, Gujarati 
Projects 
GPS Market 
Tops Technology 
(Team size: 1) - This application provides different categories to search near-by places but different from Google place as it displays not existed one also where this application displays only opened stores, banks etc with accurate place, map direction, mobile number, open or close time and with extra information.. 
- Language Used: Android 
Sudoku Game 
Tops Technology 
(Team size: 1) - A Puzzle in which player inserts the numbers one to nine into a grid consisting of nine squares subdivided into a further nine smaller squares in such a way that every number appears once in each horizontal line, vertical line, and square. 
- Language Used: Android 
Internships 
Virtual Classroom BISAG, Gandhinagar 
Guide: Manoj Pandya, Senior Scientist, BISAG 
(Winter 2014, Team size: 2) - Organization: Bhaskaracharya Institute for Space Application and Geo-Informatics (BISAG). 
- Developed a software which scales, rotates and does image enhancements (brightness, sharpness, cropping) the satellite images. Dealt with all sorts of images including GIF, JPEG, TIFF, LISS and learnt about the devices used in Remote Sensing and Processing. 
- Language Used: JAVA. 
Areas of Interest 
To develop Computer software related to Java, android. 
Extracurricular and Scholastic Achievements 
Attended the workshop on CORE JAVA and have Successfully passed its exams. 
About myself 
I am good at building and maintaining good relationships with people. I like to help people. I have good leadership skill. 
Personal strengths: 
Confidence 
Hard Working 
Patience 
Reference: 
1. Director: 
Dipti Chudagar 
Mo. +91-9979886640 2. Professor: Alok Manke 
Mo. +91-9426360744 
Address: L.J.Institute of Computer Applications, Ahmedabad-282210 
I here by state that all the information furnished by me is true as far as my knowledge is concerned. I also agree to abide by the terms and policies of your agency. 
Declaration: The information furnished above is correct to the best of my knowledge. 
Hinal Halvadia 
