No. 307, Vishwa Vallabha Apartment, 4th cross, Navodaya Nagar, JP Nagar 7th Phase, Bangalore-560078 
Mob: 9886214596 E-mail: shaman_giri@yahoo.co.in Shaman Giri 
Objective: 
I am seeking a competitive and challenging environment where I can serve your organization and establish an enjoyable career for myself. 
Passion 
Customer and product centric requirement gathering, feasibility analysis to translate to product features. 
Stake holder engagement at all levels to operationalise strategic business decisions. 
Efficient and effective inter-personal, communication and presentation skills. 
Up skilling self and teams in alignment with business needs. 
Core competencies Professional Personal 
Data management and analytics Agile, great communication skills Data curation Eager and quick learner 
Biochemistry Team player , able to motivate and lead 
Work Experience: 
Consultant Scientist: July 2011- Present 
Monsanto Research Center 
Worked on APHIS (Animal and Plant Health Inspection Service) field permits for the US regulatory. 
Worked on weekly publication alerts for the Seminis Vegetable team and reports on vegetable pathology and yield. 
Supported the building of the plant trait in house ontology. 
Worked on data curation for row crops and Arabidopsis based phenotype database. 
Worked on reports for competitive landscaping for the competitive intelligence and prospecting team. 
Mentored an intern for the creation of a microbial database. 
Assisted on various reports on gene MOA using visualization tools like Spotfire . 
Part of the innovation team that worked across the site and encouraged cross site collaboration and facilitated conceptualization of new ideas and completion of these projects. 
Learnt to run Blast and Pfam for protein sequences using Perl scripts. 
Trained on cloud usage and to run jobs on the cloud using AWS. 
Worked as a part of the safety promotion team and participated in public and in house safety awareness campaign and safety trainings like first aid and health education for Government school children. 
Associate: May 2011-July 2011 
Ernst & Young, Bangalore 
Worked with the engagement management services (EMS) team. 
Worked on tax documentation collection and filling of tax for onsite employee in the US from various organizations. 
Scientific Analyst: August 2009- May 2011 
Molecular Connections PTV 
Manual curation of papers published in Pubmed on a daily basis. 
Emphasis was given to papers publishing medical research, specifically papers dealing with gene-disease relationship. 
Worked on a project called Xtractor that deals with sentence wise curation of scientific articles enabling database users easy access to information on any disease, drug, gene or biological process that may have an effect on the disease or the drug. 
Worked indexing of all universities in the world. 
Educational Qualifications 
Master of Science (MSc.) 
Biochemistry, Bangalore University Bangalore 2007-2009 
Courses taken: General chemistry, Biomolecules, Microbiology, Enzymology, Membrane, Biochemistry, Metabolism of Biomolecules, Physiology, Biochemical Techniques, Immunology, Molecular Biology, Molecular Physiology, Metabolism of nitrogenous compounds, Biotechnology, Bioinformatics and Research methodology. 
Bachelors of Science (BSc.) - St. Josephs College- Bangalore 2004-2007 Course taken -Microbiology, Chemistry and Botany. 
Every course included practical laboratory work. 
Projects worked on 
Title: Gene expression analysis of myeloma cells using microarray technology 
Guide: Mr. Kumarvel Somasundaram, Department of Microbiology and Cell Biology, IISc Bangalore. 
Institute: Indian Institute of Science, Bangalore 
Description: The project was designed to examine the gene expression analysis in the myeloma cells of the brain. It involved isolation and characterization of DNA, total RNA extraction from brain myeloma cells followed by expression analysis using hybridization on a microarray chip and microarray data analysis. The project also involved characterization of proteins by 2D gel electrophoresis. 
Title: Collection and culture of oral microflora and evaluation of the antibacterial property of Camellia sinensis on oral microflora. 
Guide: Mrs. Satya, Department of Biochemistry, Garden City College Bangalore. 
Institute: Garden City College, Bangalore. 
Description: The project entailed the collection of the oral microflora, both aerobic and anaerobic organisms, obtained from the root canal samples and decayed enamel samples. The organisms obtained from the samples were cultured and characterized using various biochemical tests. A methanol and water based extract of Camellia sinensis was prepared using the Sokslet apparatus. The antimicrobial activity of the extract was tested against the cultured organisms. 
Preparation and enhancement of nutritional quality of whey beverage. 
Guide: 
Dr. Natraj, K.C. Das, Bangalore 
Institute: K.C. Das, Bangalore 
Description: The project entailed the preparation of whey beverage rich in probiotic bacteria. 
Biochemical analysis of the whey obtained after the preparation of paneer was conducted. The whey was monitored on a regular basis for pH and the normal bacterial count. The efficacy of supplements like orange and tomato juice was tested to increase the beneficial microbial count. 
Honors and awards: 
Focused recognition award for pitching in to curation work for the Ontology project. 
Recognition from stake holder every year for on time delivery and constant improvement on quality and also coming up with automation ideas to save time. 
Recognitions for taking up projects that were short handed and readily leaning new skills to support these projects. 
Participation in symposia / scientific meetings/work shops Participated in a 2-day symposium 
Biorejuvit - Garden City College, Bangalore. 
Participated in the work shop 
Biochrom included the isolation and purification of genomic DNA and plasmids from plants, mapping polymorphisms and variation in plants using RFLP and Southern blotting - Garden City College, Bangalore. 
Participated in the Guest lecture on cyclooxygenase presented by Dr. Karigar, Bangalore University. 
Participated in the guest lecture on 
Activity of zinc metal on enzyme activity presented by Dr Magesh, Department of Chemistry IISc, Bangalore. 
Campus Activities and Positions Held 
Member of the Innovation team at Monsanto research center. 
 Member of the safety promotion team Monsanto research center. 
 Executive Member of Microcosm - the Microbiological Society of St. Joseph s College, Bangalore. 
 Cultural representative St. Joseph s College, Bangalore. 
 Member of Indian non-theme dance troop St. Joseph s College, Bangalore. 
 Member of St. Joseph s College s AIDS awareness movement (JAAM). 
