 RESUME 
Personal Details 
Akhil Alex Akhil Cottage Karingodu Pulamon (po) Kottarakara Kollam 
Kerala Pin: 691531 
Date of Birth :10/03/1991 
Sex : Male 
Father s Name : Alexkutty MG Mother s Name : Susamma Alex Nationality : Indian Marital status : Single Language Knows 
To write : English, Malayalam and Hindi 
To speak: English, Malayalam and Tamil 
Contact No: 
09562197575 
09747696797 
E-mail: 
akhil.alex91@gmail.com 
AKHIL ALEX 
Career Objective: 
I am looking for a position / job where I can explore myself fully to realize my potential and prove myself worthy /best asset for the organization. 
Profile: 
Ability to work on own initiative, as part of a team and motivating team to achieve the objectives 
Educational Qualification: 
BE (COMPUTER SCIENCE) From JS ENGINEERING COLLEGE, Tirunelveli (2012) 
Mark scored:70% 
Plus Two 
From ST: GREGORIOUS H.S.S, Kottarakara (2008) 
Mark scored: 72% Tenth From ST: MARY S H.S.S, Kizhakkekara (2006) 
Mark scored: 75% Technical skills: 
Languages : C++, Java and Android DBMS Packages 
: SQLite 
Professional Experience: 
Working as Software Developer in Singnet Software 
Solutions Pvt Ltd , from Feb-2015 to present. 
Worked as Software Developer in Eben Telecom Pvt Ltd. from Jan-2014 to Jan-2015. 
Projects 
#1)Bunker Manager 
Bunker Manager is a tool that helps in carrying out accurate bunker surveys. Bunkering survey can be a very complex process that requires being done carefully. Bunker manager replaces the old paper-based system saving time while also improving the accuracy. 
The system will take care of all the quality and quantity related aspects of the bunkering process. This app has offline feature which saves all the data while offline and sends the data to server when the device receives internet connection. 
#2) CANWESWEEP 
It is an Android Application that we can swap our goods with others without any money exchange. 
#3) INDIAN CURRY HOUSE 
This is a Restaurant Application that helps to order food, reserve table, search food Items, Catering 
Order etc. 
#4) STANDOUT 
This is a Open Cart Application that helps to purchase finely tailored kurtis and churidar. 
#5) ALIF RESTAURANT APPLICATION 
This is a Restaurant Application that helps to order food, reserve table, search food Items, Catering 
Order etc. 
#6) BAYLEAF RESTAURANT APPLICATION 
This is a Restaurant Application that helps to order food, reserve table, search food Items, Catering 
Order etc. 
#7) PALANIYAPPA RESTAURANT APPLICATION 
This is a Restaurant Application that helps to order food, reserve table, search food Items, Catering 
Order etc. 
#8) PEPPER CASTLE 
This is a Restaurant Application that helps to order food, reserve table, search food Items, Catering 
Order etc. 
#9) ICHECK 
This application is exclusively developed for IDEA retailers for sim card activation of out station customers. 
#10) CEAT OSBA beta 2.0 OSBA is an innovative and powerful SMS & cloud based order management solution which is optimized for the enterprise market. 
#11) ICE (In case of emergency) 
One touch application to send SMS alerts in case of emergency 
#12) SG Shoppe 
An Application to do the walk in customer survey on the client satisfaction for SG Shoppe. 
#13) Amigos 
It is a chat application, that s help s to chat with others. 
#14) Flashlight 
It uses your device s camera LED/flash. 
#15) HML OSBA 
OSBA is an innovative and powerful SMS & cloud based order management solution which is optimized for the enterprise market. 
Strength 
Hard working Observant and willing to learn 
Able to work under pressure Endurance and ability to adjust to situations Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 
Place: Kottarakara Akhil Alex 
