Deepika Jyothi K 
4945 Chiles Drive San Jose, CA 95136 | 650-799-1638 | komma.deepikasriram@gmail.com 
Linked In Link: www.linkedin.com/pub/deepika-jothi-k/1b/434/7a7/ 
HUMAN RESOURCES GENERALIST (Recruitment & Administrative Specialized) Certified Professional in Human Resources (MHRM) with additional certification in (PHR) offering a 4- year HR career distinguished by commended performance and proven results. 
Extensive background in HR generalist affairs, including experience in employee recruitment and retention, staff development, mediation, conflict resolution, benefits and compensation, HR records management, HR policies development and legal compliance. 
Demonstrated success in negotiating win-win compromises, developing teambuilding programs, and writing Personnel manuals, corporate policies, job descriptions and management reports. 
Recruiting Qualifications 
Experience developing and implementing comprehensive college recruiting program. 
Capacities to source, screen, and select candidates based upon strategic qualification criteria. 
Abilities to conduct interviews, train interviewers, and facilitate decision-making regarding offers. 
Developed recruiting, selection, and training associated with internship program. 
Broad-based human resources knowledge to effectively interact with senior management. 
HR SKILLS HR Department Startup Staff Recruitment & Retention Orientation & On-Boarding Employment Law 
Employee Relations HRIS Technologies Multi Location 
Alternative Dispute Resolution Training & Development 
Recruitment (ADR) 
Performance HR Policies & 
Benefits Administration 
Management Procedures HR Program/Project Management Organizational Development Application Tracking Building strong referral networks Virtual Team Management 
System PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE HR Analyst, Escorts Limited, INDIA /San Jose California USA. (JAN 2012 MAR 2016) Employee Relations 
Handled various HR-related queries on Compensation, Transfer, Promotion, Demotion, Termination, Leave Policies, Severance and Benefits. 
HRIS - Providing end- to- end support on the Global Human Resource Information System 
Workday Working as an intermediate between Employees, Managers and Business Unit HR. 
Helping managers with various transactions like Employee Transfer, Promotion, Termination, Payroll etc. 
Updating employee details like SSN, Emergency Contacts, Address, 401k etc. 
Served as a Mentor in the Buddy Program for new employees. 
Performance Management System (PMS) Provided Support on Goal Setting, Performance Appraisal, PMS reports and report access. 
Helping managers in completing the performance appraisal process for their subordinates in a timely manner. 
Reopening of performance management tasks in the system upon request from the Site HR Co-coordinators and managers in case of any discrepancies. 
Providing access to HR managers for running reports on Goal Setting, PA and 360 Degree appraisal etc. 
Talent Acquisition - Job Posting, Position Closure, Reference Check, Profile Sourcing, Interview Scheduling. 
Requisition Posting (Job posting in Internal & External job portals) Preparing Global Staffing Reports on weekly and monthly basis. 
Closing the Job Positions accordingly. 
Sourcing Profiles through Job Portals. 
Scheduling interviews with Hiring Managers. 
Employee Data Management MIS 
Maintaining employee documents on Pre-Hire, New Hire, Performance 
Appraisal, Payroll, and Termination etc. 
HR Recruiter, Sutherland Global Services, India (JAN 2010- NOV 2011) 
Worked as hiring Executive for Non voice Process (Amazon, AT&T, and Microsoft). 
Participated in recruiting planning meetings and assisted in creating specific job descriptions. Lead the Sourcing candidates through LinkedIn other sourcing tools Executed strategic sourcing techniques to include a variety of resources such as internet, advertising, employment agencies, internal and external databases, employee referrals, direct sourcing and job fairs for Efficiently and effectively filling open positions as per Client requirement. 
Conducted the interview and selection process, partnering with the hiring managers and other interviewers to define interview strategy and frame offer packages 2010 Present for the general walk-in s and develop a pool of qualified candidates in advance of need. 
Conducted regular follow-up with managers to determine the effectiveness of recruiting plans implementation. 
Analyze and coordinate recruitment efforts - managing the conceptual structure, Human Capital using the ATS (Application tracking system) which provide a central location and database for the company's . 
Recruitment efforts. 
Business Analyst & Recruiter, First-job.in ltd.( AUG 2008- DEC 2009) Interact colleges and giving promotion and career presentation for final year student ( Data collection) Effective follow up, handling the team of marketing , consoling Sourcing the candidates in different ways ( To advertising newspaper , internet ( free advertisement portals), and Approaching corporate vendors for weekend management program. 
Interact with corporate to inviting campus placements Arranging placements for students Profiles sending to corporate and follows Assisting to GD/PI, for admissions of new candidates. 
After GD/PI follow-up of the converting as students Co-coordinating- business development team (tell-callers, marketing executives). and placement team( placement officers, Executive) Scheduling the interviews, follow ups of selected candidates, head hunting, arranging interviews. 
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS 
Madras School of Social Work 
India 
Masters in Human Resource Management (HRM) Bachelor of Science in Management Information & Systems (MIS) Activities: Worked concurrently during college as an Event Manager, Manpower Coordinator for Antilia Eventz. 
Internships & Projects 
Jan 2010 
Carborundum Universal Limited (MURUGAPPA GROUPS) research on THE EFFECTIVENESS OF INDUCTION . 
July 2009 
The Pothys Textile Industry on "CUSTOMER RELATIONSHIP MANAGEMENT". 
Jan 2009 
The Reliance Group of Companies with the RECRUITMENT PROCESS . 
Oct 2008 
The Residency Towers hotel on TRAINING AND DEVELOPMENT . 
July 2008 Ashok Leyland, Encore (manufacturing sector) on CHANGE MANAGEMENT . 
OF NOTE 
Professional Development: Complete ongoing training in the areas of compensation and benefits, employee and labor relations, leaves of absence, workers' compensation and workplace safety/security. 
Affiliations: 
Society for Human Resource Management (SHRM) 
Computer Skills: Quickbooks,HRIS applications (PeopleSoft Enterprise Human Resources, ADP, Workday) MS Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Access, Outlook) Accounts Payables & Accounts Receivables. 
