SANKET DATTATRAY ADSUL 
Address: A/p- Takaliwadi, Tal-Shirol, Kolhapur, India 
Phone: +91 -9730 134 742 ;Email: sanketadsul@gmail.com 
PROJECT 
ENGINEER 
Mechanical Engineer with close to two years of experience in Quality assurance department of fabricated valve and special equipment manufacturing organization. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Q. A. Engineer,JoshiJampala Engineering Pvt. Ltd. (JJEPL), Satara, India 
July 2016 - Present 
Continually worked with suppliers to improve performance, implement quality plans, to enhance the quality of supplier. 
Responsible for reviewing supplier capability with purchasing team during meetings to check supplier's quality, capacity, technical capabilities, part knowledge, production processes and its systems. 
Identified, Developed and Incorporated new suppliers & subcontractors to reduce the project costing and bring down the lead time 
Providing support on field for erection & Maintenance. 
Interacted routinely with Purchasing, engineering and suppliers to proactively improve quality of components. 
Developing and maintaining QAP & ITP for designated project works. Review & approval of QAP & ITP. 
Awareness of ASME, AWS, IS,EN & other standards related to welding & testing of materials. 
Responsible for all QA/ QC activities (includes visual-dimensional inspection, Incoming- in process- final inspection, NDT, internal as well as external audits, vendor approval, inspection and test plan, etc.) 
Responsible for cross functional team communications and implementation;data collection, approval and resolution of techno-commercial queries 
Coordinating with third party inspection agencies and clients. 
Graduate Engineer Trainee, Joshi Jampala Engineering Pvt. Ltd. (JJEPL) July 2015 June 2016 Micro level project tracking & reviewing suppliers on daily basis to meet project timeline. 
Carried out Rework-rejection costing&reduced this cost by 10 % through supplier development. 
Generated potential supplier database and formulated procurement plan based upon requirements envisioned through personal visits & vendor assessment activities. 
Technical analysis of raw materials like chemical composition , mechanical properties and H/T process of material as per standards Calibration of all measuring instruments and maintaining calibration records. 
Maintaining documents as per QMS. 
Implementing continuous improvement process like kaizen, 5S etc. 
INTERNSHIP Trainee Engineer (Summer Intern), Oerlikon Fairfield Atlas Ltd.,Shinoli , IndiaJune 2014 
Grasped the manufacturing process of gear box right from the cutting of gear blank stage till final assembly testing Received hands on experience regarding working of a mechanical industry, heat treatment process, manufacturing using high end automats. 
PRESENTATIONS & CONFERENCES ATTENDED Attended 
5th Bharatiya Chhatra Sansad held at MIT Pune January 2015 EDUCATION Shivaji University Kolhapur, India 
Bachelor of Engineering in Mechanical Engineering (75.24% - First Class with distinction) 2011 2015 
TECHNICAL SKILLS Operating Systems : 
Windows 7, Windows 8, Windows 10 
Niche Skills : 1. ASNT level II in Radiography testing 
2. ASNT level II in Liquid Penetrant Testing 3. ISO 9001 Internal Auditor 
AWARDS AND ACHIEVEMENTS Awarded by 
Shivaji University Merit Scholarship for meritorious performance . 
April 2015 Developed microwave hybrid heating technique for joining of Inconel -625 alloy which won Best project award at state level technical eventApril 2015 
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
Worked as University Representative for SIT COE , Yadrav 2014-2015 Participated in 
Leadership Development camp arranged by Shivaji University Kolhapur at Bahai 
Academy Panchgani, Maharashtra2015 
Served as the member of the organisation committee for Annual Social Gathering 2015, 2014, 2012 Runner up in Group discussion competition at University level 
2014 
