 Rama Swamy Hari Haran Raj Kumar 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
Gescherweg 78, Apt. D 308, 48161 
Mnster, Germany +49 17634669937 
hariharan.rajkumar@gmail.com (mailto:hariharan.rajkumar@gmail.com) 
r_rajk01@uni-muenster.de (mailto:r_rajk01@uni-muenster.de) Sex Male | Date of Birth 29/10/1994 | Nationality Indian 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
To jumpstart my career with your organization in a challenging yet supportive growth environment with the education and training which I gained so far. 
WORK EXPERIENCE December 2014 
January 2015 Web Developer Internship 
Snippets IT Solutions Pvt Ltd, Hyderabad, India. 
Project: Shop Pirate (www.shoppirate.com (http://www.shoppirate.com)) 
Responsibilities included User Interface Development, Performing Search Engine Optimization (SEO) Techniques, Content Analysis, Updating and Maintenance of Content Management Systems (CMS), Speed and Performance Optimization on Web and Mobile. (cross-platforms) Business or Sector IT Solutions & Services (E- Commerce) EDUCATION AND TRAINING September 2016 
December 2016 October 2015 
Present August 2011 
May 2015 June 2009 April 2011 
June 2008 April 2009 
Exchange Student ( Master of Business Administration ) Indian Institute of Management Calcutta, IndiaInternational Business and Marketing Master of Science in Information Systems 
Westflische Wilhelms 
Universitt Mnster, Germany 
Information Management and Business Networks Logistics and Supply Chain ManagementECTS Grade: 2.4 equivalent to 76.70%Bachelor of TechnologyJawaharlal Nehru Technological University Hyderabad, IndiaComputer Science and Engineering - Grade: 78.10% (German equivalency: 2.1)Secondary School ( Equivalent to 12th Grade )Sri Chaitanya Junior Kalasala, Hyderabad, IndiaMathematics and Sciences - Grade: 89.40% High School ( Equivalent to 10th Grade )St. Peters Model School, Hyderabad, IndiaMathematics and Sciences - Grade: 89.83% PERSONAL SKILLS Mother tongue(s) Tamil 
Other language(s) 
UNDERSTANDING SPEAKING WRITING 
Listening Reading Spoken interaction 
Spoken production English C2 C1 C1 C2 C1 
IELTS. Band 7.5 Hindi C1 C1 C2 C2 C1 
Telugu C1 C2 C2 C1 C2 
Communication skills 
Being part of project named Face Up by European Commission; I had to interact with international participants which greatly influenced my communication skills.I was a part of my university Literary Club, which gave me an opportunity to interact with a large audience frequently, henceforth enhancing my communication skills. 
Organisational / managerial skills 
I feel that my exposure to the corporate world through Internship has equipped me with the requisite organizational and managerial skills.My constant interaction with my Team members during my Bachelor Thesis has made me an effective team lead/player. I always enjoyed the Camaraderie of a group. 
Computer skills C, C++, JavaR Analytics4Flow Vista, SAP SCMMySQLHTML Other skills Numismatics 
Singing 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION Projects Certifications Conferences 
Workshop Honours and awards Memberships Developed a Project 
Fog Computing 
Making cloud more secured. This projects main focus is to protect the data present in Organizational cloud. It is done using decoy technology which prevents the data from insider attacks. 
Worked on a mobile application project named Fitness at your Fingertips on Android Platform. 
Certified Microsoft Technology Associate in Web Development Fundamentals. 
Fulfilled all requirements to be recognized as a Microsoft Certified Professional.Youth Pass for Training and Networking Projects certified by European Commission. 
AMCAT certified Business Consultant and Business Analyst. 
AMCAT certified Software Engineer IT Services and Data processing Specialist.Attended a two day National Conference on e-Learning and e-Learning technologies organized by Centre for Development of Advanced Computing (CDAC). 
Attended a two day National Workshop on The Role of Dot Net in Cloud Computing at Osmania University, Hyderabad.Second runners-up in Hindu E-Plus Club Challenge, a state level Competition conducted by The Hindu in the year 2013. 
Active Member in Shri Sadguru Shirdi Sai Seva Samaj, a charitable trust from 2011 - 2015. 
Student Member of Computer Society of India (July 2012 June 2015). 
Page 2 / 2 Page 1 / 2 
