 RAMA KRISHNA YALAMANCHILI RESUME 
Mobile: 9701099499 
E-mail:ramakrishna.yalamanchili89@gmail.com 
Career Objective: 
To work in a challenging and competitive environment where there is an ample opportunity for growth and development as well as effectively contribute my skills to the organization growth. 
Experience Summary: 
Having Four Years of Retail sales Experience. 
Technical Knowledge: 
I have a good working experience on Excel, Kenan, Siebel CRM applications, APX & other reporting tools 
Job Profile: Area Sales Manager 
Working as a Area Sales Manager in PCH Marketings Pvt Ltd ( which is Zonal Distributor for Reliance Jio Infocom Device Business) 
Period Sep 2015 to Present 
Roles & Responsibilities for Premium Lifestyle and Fashion india Pvt Ltd 
Handling Regional Distributor 
Implementing organizational strategy effectively in market. 
Achieving Targets as per business requirement. 
Finding opportunity to increase business. 
Conducting gate meetings for FOS 
Preparing PJP for 
FOS 
Job Profile: Store Manager 
Store Manager at Aircel 
Period June 2012 to Oct-2013 
Roles & Responsibilities for Store Manager 
Maintaining the Store Opening & Closing Checklists. 
Handling Team of Six CCES at Store 
Assigning Targets for each CCE. 
Achieving Sales Targets on Post Paid & Prepaid. 
Making P & L for every month on month maintain the stability of Profit. 
Up selling the Mobiles like INQ & BLACKBERRY for walk-ins. 
Making sure in following the Quality Parameters for each and every walk-in. 
Responsible for doing Store Audits for Stock, Cash & Standard and End of the Month preparing Store Wise Audit Suspense Report and submit to Accounts 
Responsible for entire Store Admin Process including Repair & maintenance and coordinating with Vendors to solve Store Wise Admin issues Coordinate special promotions and events with the help of Area Manager 
Responded to customer comments and complaints 
Good knowledge of invoicing processes Input data to prepare daily sales reports and regularly use weekly and monthly data to develop sales and promotional strategies 
Educational Qualifications: 
Completed SSC in ZP High School with 70% In 2005 
Completed +2 in Vijaya Bharati with 85% in 2007 
Completed Graduation in B.com. 
Personal Profile 
Name : Rama Krishna Yalamanchili 
Date of Birth : 
31st August 1989 
Sex : Male 
Nationality : Indian 
Hobbies : Playing Cricket & Participating in Social Activities 
Address : 
Hno-15-113/1, MDS Residency 
Near Sai Baba Temple VidyaNagar Colony 
Eluru. WG.Dict-534007 I would hereby certify that the information furnished above by me is true to my knowledge. 
Date: 
( Rama Krishna Yalamanchili ) 
