Alok Tiwari 201, Yashoda Apartments, Plot No - 32, Nadiyadwala Colony No. 2, Malad (West), Mumbai 
400064 Contact: + 91 98673 99385 
DOB: 15.11.1972 ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS 
Subject Degree University 
MBA (MMM) Marketing Management Masters Mumbai 
2008 
Mass Communication and Journalism (MCJ) 
Masters Madurai 2004 Sociology (SCO) 
Masters Madurai 2004 Commerce Bachelors Mumbai 2003 Professional Experience 
22 Nov 2011 to now 
Organisation: East India Company (Real Flowers and Real Ayueveda) 
Designation: Founder N CEO 
E-Commerce Online Retail Website (Domestic & Internatiional) Real Flowers www.realflowers.biz (http://www.realflowers.biz) and we deliver fresh flowers, cakes, chocolates in India and Worldwide 
Real Ayurveda we manufacture virgin coconut oil based products 
VCO Hair Care 
My job was to launch and operate flowers online retail businesses 
Hire teams members for the entire project 
Strategic Florist Partners Tie-ups with domestic and international florist for EOO (exchange of orders). 
Create and develop monthly and seasonal suitable product line for the portal. Create Digital Marketing Strategy that creates the road map to take products or services to the market Plan and execute all web, SEO/SEM, marketing database, email, social media and display advertising campaigns. 
Design, build and maintain our social media presence. 
Plan campaign budget and allocate as per the goals and objectives to achieve a high ROI. 
Develop action plan and serve as a project manager to drive the plan through execution. 
Identify trends and insights, and optimize spend and performance based on the insights. 
Measure, generate, and present analytics to understand the performance of digital marketing activity and ROI. Create reports of the digital marketing efforts. 
Manage, track and report performance and all digital metrics. 
Brainstorm new and creative growth strategies. 
Collaborate with programmers to constantly update site and optimize user experience. 
18th July 2011 to 21 Nov 2011 
Organisation: 
Oye FM, TV Today Network 
Designation: Head of Programming, Mumbai 
Look after programming for Oye FM Mumbai station Ideate around important calendar events on monthly basis 
Implementing and execute ideas for national broadcast 
Co-ordinate with music labels for latest song releases and celebs tie-ups Help sales pitch for better brand integration with programming format Responsible for over all station sound, creatives & content 
Innovative creatives ideas daily show content for better CUMS, TSL & RAMS 15th July 2010 to 30th Nov 2010 
Organisation: Radio City, Music Broadcast Private Limited 
Designation: Programming Director 
Nagpur 
Look after entire programming needs for Nagpur 
Indeate, Plan, Present, Produce show ideas on monthly basis Monitor station content on show to show basis Analysis competition show on weekly basis 16th April 2007 to 30th Nov 2008 
Organisation: Zee Radio, Essel Group 
Designation: Head of Programming - Radio 
Sr. Manager - Programming & Content 
Reporting to the COO 
Launch company's 8 FM radio station 
(Amritsar - Patiala - Varanasi - Allahabad - Agra - Nanded - Akola - Jalgaon) Plan, strategies and implement 8 station FPC 
Identify, hire and develop program teams at the 8 markets stations 
(Programming Heads - Producers - Creatives - RJs - Music Managers) 
Conceptualize, plan, negotiate and budgeting of show/features from out side producers 
Align programming FPC with marketing and sales head in conjunction with the brand image Develop song data base for 8 markets in accordance to region taste and flavor 1st October 2003 to 14th April 2007 
Organisation: Radio City 91 FM, Star India 
Designation: Associate Producer - Programming 
Planning & Operations 
Reporting to National Programming Head 
Planning and Operations of all national on-air programs 
Content management for national/local programming Alignment of local programming & FPCs of all stations on monthly basis 
Responsible for talent pool for current and future markets Planning and operations of upcoming new stations/markets 22nd February 2002 to November 2002 
Organisation: 101.6 City FM, Arabian Radio Network, Dubai, UAE 
Designation: Programming Producer 
Head - NEWS and Current Affairs 
101.6 City FM is a dedicated 24 hours Asian -Hindi film and entertainment radio channel broadcasted all over the UAE. Played a key role in setting up the radio station and their NEWS desk 16th November 2000 to 31 May 2001 
Organisation: Zee Cinema 
Designation: Executive Producer 
Zee Cinema is a 24 hours Hindi film entertainment satellite channel 1st May 2000 to 15th November 2000 
Organisation: ZEE RADIO 
Designation: Head of Programming - Mumbai Programming Format and Acquisition 
New Media Broadcasting Pvt. Ltd., is a division of Essel Group of Companies. at an open bid were awarded with 28 radio stations in different cities to come up with their own FM radio stations. 
September 1998 to April 2000 
Organisation: Radio Deutsche Welle, Germany 
Position Held: Bombay Correspondent 
Radio Deutsche Welle is a national radio station in Germany. Responsible for providing radio stories on various issues for their current affairs programs which broadcast from Germany. 
January 1996 to August 1998 
Organisation: Radio Mid-day 
Position Held: Producer, News and Current Affairs 
Producer, Hindi films related programs Radio Mid-day was a FM radio station from Mid-day Group of Publications. 
Produced their weekly current affairs program and also their morning breakfast program 
