 Anindita Bhaumik anindita.bhaumik22@gmail.com , +91-7855979644 
6.9 years (incl. 1 year in USA) of proven track record in Data Warehousing and Business Intelligence (BI) in IT industry . Proficient in Data Architecture, Data Analysis, ETL process, Database development and Integration in Financial domain. Skilled in 
FSLDM, Teradata, SQL, Informatica and Unix scripting. 
ONSITE PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE CCAR IRIS Expansion GE Capital (Via Tech Mahindra Ltd), Danbury, USA 
June 2014- May 2016 Data Architect 
Collaborated with business users of leading BFSI clients to analyze and translate customer s analytical needs into data requirements and presented proof of concept activities to key decision makers. 
Designed data warehouse logical and physical data models facilitating integrated reporting of 11 diverse data sets at various levels of granularity. 
Managed stakeholder expectations in multicultural and cross disciplinary environment effectively. 
Spearheaded complex Extract, Transform, Load (ETL) development from 14 data sources , integration of 8 subject areas and design of reporting layer architecture. 
AAA GECA Risk Lending GE Capital (Via Tech Mahindra Ltd), Danbury, USA 
April 2013- May 2014 Techno 
Functional 
Team Lead 
Aligned operations of escalated project within 
1 month through analytical problem-solving approaches and systematic root cause analysis and guided the project team to ensure zero defect delivery . 
Identified and Analyzed top user concerns and published creative self-help content which led to a 17% reduction in tickets raised. 
Performed root cause analysis for user issues by analysing data lineage and traversing entire data flow from reporting tables to stage tables. 
Designed SIT test cases, created data flow diagrams and detailed documentation on the project architecture. 
OFFSHORE PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE Wealth Management BIS & Data Visualization- Morgan Stanley (Via Capgemini), Pune, India 
August 2016- Till date 
BI Consultant 
Create critical and confidential reports for Financial Advisors(FA) for financial portfolio risk assessment. 
Analyze the business requirements provided by Financial Advisors/Field Facing Users and existing data in EDW to provide logic and specifications for how data will be stored in the reporting layer. 
Designing and creating ETL processes to transform data into units consistent with analytical needs to create appropriate Reports to be used by FA. 
Formulated comprehensive data cleansing and validation rules ensuring high data quality across the database. 
ANZ Project RADAR GE Capital (Via Tech Mahindra Ltd), Bhubaneswar, India January 2013- April 2013 
Team Lead 
Involved in implementation of any enhancements in the ongoing project, modifications or corrections in an existing unit and removal of an existing unit which are related to the ANZ Business. 
I nvolved in data collection, data analysis, data mapping from source systems to EDW. 
Worked on Database enhancement and Integration. 
Provide ETL logic and design to load attributes into the Database. 
GECA Risk Monthly Reporting(RMR) 
GE Capital (Via Tech Mahindra Ltd), Bhubaneswar, India 
August 2011-December 2012 
Team Member 
Analyze the business logic, find placeholders i.e. tables and columns in EDW for attributes coming from Strategy DataMart. 
Provide ETL logic and design to load attributes into the Database. 
Data Validation and test case generation. 
CFS SIMPLIFICATION PROJECT GE Capital (Via Tech Mahindra Ltd), Bhubaneswar, India 
December 2010- July 2011 Team Member 
Involved in high level migration of the existing functionality from CFS Data Mart to EDW for business reporting. 
Analyze the business logic, find placeholders i.e. tables and columns in EDW for attributes coming from CFS Data Mart. 
Design 
ETL process ,performed UAT and Testing. 
AWARDS & ACHIEVEMENTS 
Achievements 
Recipient of Spot Award in recognition of superior performance and outstanding contribution to Morgan Stanley account. 
Received multiple Delivery Excellence awards 
(Award Name: 
Pat on the Back/Associate of the Month ). 
Certifications 
A Crash course in 
Data Science John Hopkins University (via Coursera) 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Software 
Packages 
Teradata, Tableau, Informatica power Center, SQL, PL/SQL, UNIX scripting, Business Objects, UNIX, ER/Studio. ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS Rashtrasant Tukdojii Maharaj, Nagpur 2006-2010 Bachelor of Engineering (Electronics & Telecommunication Engineering) 
Kendriya Vidyalaya, Nagpur 2004-2006 XII(Science): AISCCE, CBSE 
Kendriya Vidyalaya, Nagpur 1992-2004 X: AISCCE, CBSE 
