Pravinkumar S 
Mobile: +918971980656 
Email:ksrctpravin@gmail.com (mailto:ksrctpravin@gmail.com) 
OBJECTIVE: 
To be a part of an organization of Hi-tech environment that will help me realize the numerous applications of my theoretical knowledge and to be able to provide my best to the organization in return. 
STRENGTHS: 
Sincere and hard working. Ability to deliver excellent results under odd conditions. 
Quick learner and flexible to adopt challenging environment. 
Ability to work with minimum/no supervision once trained. 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 
Bachelor in Electronics and Communication Engineering, K. S. Rangasamy College Of Technology, Tiruchengode on 2010 with 75% aggregate. 
12th from Sri Gopal Naidu High School, Coimbatore on 2006 with 84% aggregate. 
10th from Smt. D. Padmavathy Ammal High School, Coimbatore on 2004 with 93% aggregate. 
COURSES / CERTIFICATION: 
ITIL v3 Foundation certified 
IT skills 
Windows Server 2012 Administration - Active Directory, Domain, Domain Contoller, GPO, DNS, DHCP, Zones, WINS, DFS , File and Print, IIS, FSMO Roles, LDAP, AD Backup, Domain Trust, Group/Scope, Look Up, Global Catalog. 
Exchange Server 2010 Administration 
Server Roles, Mail Gateway, Public Folder, OWA and Power shell scripting Network Administration - SMTP, FTP, HTTP, SSL, TCP/IP Protocols, VPN, LAN, VLAN, WiFi, POP3, IMAP4 protocols, Network Configuration. 
ITIL Administration - Service Request, Incident Management, Change Management, Problem Management, Capacity management, SLA, OLA, Response Time, Resolution Time and ticketing system HP Service Manager 9. 
Project Management, Remote Support, Technical troubleshooting and Workflow Planning. 
Company: IBM India Pvt Ltd 
Duration: Feb 2015 - Present 
Job Profile: Senior Operation Professional: Level 2 Support 
Responsibilities: 
Use the Incident Management System to document and manage problems and work requests and their respective resolutions and circumvention's. 
Perform root cause analysis for all incidents 
Responds to telephone calls, email, instant messages, and assigned tickets from users. 
Respond to, and diagnose, problems through discussions with users, including problem recognition, logs, research, isolation, resolution, and follow-up steps. 
Willingness and ability to work in shifts (24 x 7). 
To standardize the network resources as per the client requirement. 
Ensure that the customer has the appropriate access to the tools to support the business in an efficient way. 
Worked on ticketing tool like HP Service Manager. 
Grant permissions on various network resources available to users. 
To create and administer various shared resources, e.g. Distribution Lists, Directories, permissions and shared mailboxes. 
Creation and administration of Global groups. 
Escalate complex problem to appropriate support specialists 
Working knowledge of Active Directory sites and service, Group Policy, and DNS/DHCP, shares and permissions Perform development and maintenance of knowledge Base for the User Account Maintenance Processes. 
Creation, Modification and deletion of user accounts on Mainframe/RACF, Salesforce, Siebel, SM9 and Service Cloud. 
Company: Thomson Reuters International Services Private Ltd. 
Duration: Oct 2013- Jan 2015 
Job Profile: Analyst: Level 2 Support 
Responsibilities: 
Creation of New Directories as per the customer guidelines and providing permissions on them. 
Hands on experience in creating, applying and troubleshooting group policies. Provide support to ensure availability, reliability and redundancy in a 24/7 Microsoft windows enterprise environment. 
To create and administer LAN accounts and email accounts of the users Setting up servers as per the client standards and granting permissions on them. 
Route problems to internal 3rd and 4th level IT support staff. 
Having good communication and troubleshooting skills. 
Required to identify the root cause of most of the high priority issues. 
Level-2 Support with user front ending skills. 
Creation and modification of exchange resources like Distribution Lists, Shared E-mail account, Shared Calendar and Conference Rooms. 
Working with network shares, printers & user permissions. 
Works on Service Desk (Incident Tickets) within the SLA. 
Managing user account across applications running on various platforms like Salesforce, Siebel, Service Cloud, Windows Active Directory etc. 
Company: Mikrosen Control Devices Pvt Ltd 
Duration: Jun 2011 
Jun 2013 
Job Profile: Graduate Engineer Trainee: Level 1 Support 
Responsibilities: 
Provided first call resolution in terms of technical support to resolve internet connectivity issues. 
Provide end-user technical support for hardware issues on standard equipment, in addition to determining network related issues during troubleshooting. 
Resolving internet browser Related Issues 
Provide first level troubleshooting for Installation & un-installation of drivers, modems and USB ports & devices. 
Signature: 
Date: 
