Page 1 of 2 Ranish Dogra 
Ranish024dogra@gmail.com | +91 706677380 | Pune INDIA 
System Administrator Professional Attributes 
Linux & Windows Administration professional with experience of 3.4 years in Support, Networking, System 
Administration, Installation, Configuration, Troubleshooting and maintenance. Currently spearheading as Associate Tech-Admin with Perennial Systems. 
Technical Knowledge and Proficiency in System Administration, Windows Server 2003/ 2008/2012 Installation, Active Directory, Network Maintenance, Hardware Maintenance Configuration, Installation of Operating Systems, Windows(All Versions). Experience in System Administration including Server Implementation & Administration, Disaster Recovery Management, Technology Support and Technical Troubleshooting. 
Experience in managing the facility and Infrastructure set-up and maintainance with experiese in Systems 
Infrastructure ranging from Hardware Engineer to entire System administration inclusive of Network 
Implementation, Configuration, Troubleshooting and Maintainance of Local Area Networks. 
Technical Skills 
Work Experience 
Perrenial Systems Associate Tech-Admin(July 2016-Till Date) Qspiders Software Testing Training Institute System Administrator(July 2015-July2016) ICA Institute of Computer Accounts 
Desktop Support Engineer(Nov 2013-Jun2015) 
Key Responsibility Areas 
Windows Administration- 
Efficiently managing the designing, installation and configuration and troubleshooting with respect to LAN/WAN maintenance, VMware Windows Servers, network performance/connectivity and user management/permission. 
Manage network infrastructure, configuration, and network services. 
Accountable for installation and configuration of core network service like Active Directory Domain services, DNS, DHCP and proficiently managing administering Active Directory, Firewall, Backup Server, Exchange Server, Web 
Servers, Keeping track of users calls and the status and managing Checkpoint Firewall. 
Monitoring and configuring network infrastructures, networking applications and protocols, configuring and implementing web services as specified 
Performing Capacity Planning to ensure appropriate storage and/or processing capability for the specified applications to support present and future requirements Vmware ESX v3.5/4.0/4.5/5.5 Virtual Center v5.5 Servers IBM xSeries, HP DL360, DL580, DL380 Gen9 
Ticketing Tools Remedy, Backups NT Backup , Symantec Backup, handy backup 
Operating Services Linux, Ubuntu,Centos,Windows 2000/2003/2008/2012 Cloud AWS , OwnCloud ,Zoom Cloud Meetings 
Packages / Tools MS Office & Internet Applications 
Hardware Firewall Cyberoam /Sonicwall 
Citrix Xen Server Xen server /Xen Desktop 
Page 2 of 2 Responsible for providing the desktop system administration and support to the network; Interacting with the users to resolve the queries, issues and problems. Analyze LAN to determine what were the major problems and improvements needed to be made to the network infrastructure. 
Creating and managing Users and Groups Management of Shares/Folders on Server; deft in user Access Rights 
Management/ Implementation of Group Policies to optimize User Access 
Overseeing network connectivity and responsible for data backups and recovery. Configuring routers, Firewalls, anti-virus, VPN & WLAN, Web server, FTP. 
Responsible for configuring and managing RAID and Installing, Configuring and Managing McAfee, Seqrite Antivirus. 
Ensuring quality by following strong ITIL Process to meet client SLA 
Deftly involved in administering remote servers through PC Anywhere& RDP. 
Deploying virtual machines through template and migrating virtual machines through VMotion. 
Creating Data store using raw LUN and creating snapshots and consolidating it. 
Migrating Virtual Machine through Storage VMotion and adding extent to the existing Datastore 
Installing PSP & Firmware on HP ProLiant servers and troubleshooting IBM System xSeries& HP Proliant Hardware 
related issue Responsible for deploying windows security patches through blade logic, installing, configuring & managing TSM 
Backup & Recovery. 
Involved in troubleshooting the application and software related issue through. Remote Management Tools like Remote Desktop connection, Team viewer. 
Installing and configuring vSphere Distributed Virtual Switch and managing ESXi through vCLI, Power CLI and SSH 
Responsible for Troubleshooting of ESX internals (Service Console), Installation and Configuration of vSphere ESX 
4.5/5.5. 
Installing and Configuring Virtual Center 4.5, 5.5 and deploying Virtual Machines through template 
Have knowledge on Amazon Web Service and Microsoft Azure Cloud Technology. 
Have knowledge on EC2, EBS, and Route 53. 
Linux Administration 
Troubleshooting the OS and product related issues. 
Debug and correct technical issues with Web servers, mail servers, and database servers. 
LAMP (Linux, Apache, MySQL, PHP) installation, customization, and maintenance. 
Monitor overall status and health of Machine. 
Looking after the maintenance and installation and troubleshooting of Linux. 
Training to end-users & team members on functional and technical areas. 
Education & Trainings BACHELOR OF COMPUTER APPLICATION, Lovely Professional University Punjab. 
Diploma in Computer Hardware & Networking, JetKing Infotrain Ltd. (Microsoft Windows Server Administration 2003/2008, CCNA, Linux) 
Certificate Course in Computer Hardware & Networking, National Institute for Entrepreneurship & Small Business 
Development. 
Languages Known 
English, Hindi, Punjabi 
