CURRICULUM VITAE 
NEHA SHARMA 
J-5/69, FF, Rajouri Garden 
New Delhi - 110027. 
9818678696 (M). 
neha.kapil312@gmail.com (mailto:neha.kapil312@gmail.com) 
CAREER OBJECTIVE: 
To work in a dynamic organization where I can put my abilities and skills to their best possible use, and contribute effectively for a bright and rewarding career, which can add value to my profile. 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
Bachelor of Arts, 1999 2002 Delhi University 
CBSE Class XII, 1997 1999 
C.B.S.E., New Delhi. 
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS: 
Diploma in Marketing and Sales from NIS (National Institute of Sales) Diploma in Computers from STG. 
WORK EXPERIENCE: 
Currently working with Sigma Rollers Pvt. Ltd as Product Manager since October 2015. 
Responsibilities as Product Manager: 
Sending company profile to prospective clients, following up with them and generating business. 
Accountable for establishing a strategic direction for the company. 
Devising methods to improve business performance. 
Providing guidance to all the departments, including sales for Domestic and Export sectors (Coordinating with logistics partner for shipment of cargo on Air/Sea mode), marketing and HR. 
Helping export department for documentation of Export/Import shipments via Air/Sea mode. 
Collaborating with management staff on cost cutting and process improvement initiatives. 
Maintaining and managing a rigorous and efficient filing system and provide support to internal departments as required. Maintaining and managing a client database. 
Designated as Management Representative and Auditor for ISO 9001:2008; conducting the internal audits. Making monthly sales report to keep a track on the sales and profit; accordingly devising methods to increase profits. 
Worked with Investors Clinic (Real Estate Company) as Operations Manager from October 2014 till October 2015. 
Primary responsibilities as Operations Manager 
Responsible to manage the whole office operations including HR, Administration. 
Handling the Sales team, CRM of the company. 
Managing the clients, training, Facility Management, Payroll etc. 
Worked with E Solutions Pvt. Ltd. From May 2008 till November 2008 as Business Development Executive 
Primary responsibilities as Business Development Executive. 
Managing the inflow of new and current business leads and requests. 
Working with external marketing, sales and royalties departments to manage contract and sales queries and obtain monthly reports. 
Maintaining and managing a rigorous and efficient filing system and provide support to internal departments as required. Maintaining and managing a client database. 
Worked with ID DataScribe (LawScribe Inc.) (LPO Legal Process Outsourcing) since April 2006 till April 2008 as a Team Leader for Marketing Team and HR and Admin Manager. 
Primary responsibilities as Head for Marketing Department: 
Headed a team of 10-12 people. Primary duties involved the research for US Attorneys find relevant information about them and distribution of work amongst my team. 
Consolidated the voluminous data gathered and did quality check for each data prepared by them. 
Prepared their daily report. 
Primary responsibilities as HR and Admin Manager 
Promoted as HR and Admin Manager. 
Primary duties involved Recruitment, Pre recruitment getting requirement from department. 
Sourced the resumes by Advertisement, reference, JobPortals, Interview card, Post Recruitment. Reference Check. 
Issued the Appointment Letter, Joining formalities, Personal File creation. 
Induction Training, Work Allocation, Time Office Management, Payroll, Benefit and Compensation management, Facility management, Safety Policy implementation, Labour welfare activities, Performance appraisal etc. 
Worked with Intellicom Contact Centers (An International Call Centre) from Aug 2003 till March 2006 as a Sr. Contact Associate for both outbound & inbound processes. 
Primary responsibilities as a Sr. Contact Associate 
Handled the calls for U.K. inbound (EGL (Catalogue Shopping). 
Involved in taking orders on phone and sent for execution. Did cross selling also which added to my incentives. Also won a disc player from the client for selling the highest products to the customer in one month. 
Outbound (T mobile Wireless), (Credit Card (Metris) and also monitoring the calls of other agents as well as giving them requisite feedback and uplifting sales. 
Worked with ALL Serve (An International Call Centre) from 2002 till 2003 as a Customer Care Executive 
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES: 
Took part in Zonal level athletic events. 
Won an Excellent Performance award in playing the Congo instrument. 
Participated in Volley Ball, Badminton, Races, Shot put, Discuss Throw, and won certificates and medals. 
Attended a workshop on HOW TO SUCCEED IN NATIONAL AND INTERNATIONAL MARKETING AT FICCI. 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 
Date of birth : 3rd December1981. 
Fathers Name : 
Late Mr. Anand Kapil (NEHA SHARMA) 
