Mehdi
 
Shirazi mehdiszsh@gmail.com 
Mobile: +91 9148828854 
Objectives: 
To work for an organisation where my skill are presented on every page and my work is recognized and every assignment should be a challenge and I swim against the waves of challenges till I get my destination. 
Experience 
Present Appointments 
July 2016 - till date Photographer and videographer Inkmax Lifestyle, Bangalore (India) 
o Photography of Modeling, industrial and food for different clients, which for use in publishing and printing. 
o Videography for corporate videos. 
May 2011 March 2015 Photographer and videographer Fatafeat TV and Magazine (part of Discovery), Dubai (U.A.E.) 
o Photography of food for publication name Fatafeat which broadcast its magazine online through Itunes print media. photography for Martha Stewart s wedding magazine (only till 2013 issue) for middle east. 
o Creating time lapse videos of short recipes for production of TV promos. 
o Handled videography during the absence of senior cameraman for promos and tv shows. 
Top photos All Cover pages from July Issue of Fata feat till date. 
February 2009 till January 2011 Senior photographer Cum Illustrator 
Maktoob Business, an online news website (www.maktoob-business.com), Dubai (U.A.E.) 
o Regular coverage included: Sports, Lifestyle, incidents and events. Successfully met tight deadlines. 
o Hunting for news and reporting news during absence of reporter. 
o 
Responsible for photos of the day around the world, sports photos of the week, animal stories of the week and updating them on Maktoob business website. 
o Creating galleries from headline stories, latest sports and incidents to create more page traffic. 
o Creating illustrations to demonstrate the location of incidents. Writing captions for photos using news wires and sometimes reporting incidents. 
Top photo story 
Sewage flooded camp (EXCLUSIVE) Life of a labourer 
(EXCLUSIVE) Labour camp revealed (EXCLUSIVE) Life in Creek 
Souk preserves traditions in Dubai 
Mono rail tour 
Water wonderland at Dubai Mall 
Mercury rise in Dubai 
Al Quoz blaze Different sides of Burj Dubai 
Abu Dhabi s icon (The Sheikh Zayed mosque) Hilton in search of BFF (Paris Hilton) Dubai metro full speed ahead 
Jumeirah lost in transition Dust storm, heat clouds Dubai 
Labour violators reveal on film Metro races for limited launch (Metro construction work) Treasures of UAE (Antique collections by Emiratis) 
Building collapse in Deira 
India Pakistan celebrates independence day 33,000 sea creatures in Dubai Mall 
Car lot gather dust (Cars which are not selling in market due to recession) Dubai metro day 1 Burj Dubai breaks all records 
Dubai shanty town (People living in unhygienic and poor conditions in Dubai) Burj Dubai stolen glances 
Dead fish, Dubai stinks (thousands of fish dead and washed up along the creek of Dubai) 
Sharjah Building collapse 
Top Sports photo stories 
German clobber UAE (Friendly football match) Red Bull air race (Abu Dhabi) 
UAE radical car race and Super Bike race 
Event galleries 
The Bride show Cityscape Abu Dhabi 
Preview of Christie s Dubai sale 
Big boys toy show (Abu Dhabi) Opening of Arabian travel market 
ATM Showcases the globe World largest Mercedes facility Fly Dubai unveils fleet 
Cityscape 
dazzling skylines 
Cityscape s star projects Game one for Dubai 
First game expo in Dubai 
Tomorrow s technology @ Gitex 
Illustration 
Creating maps of countries in Middle east Explosions in Iraq 
Terrorist Attack in Pakistan 
Crash of Yemenia Air near Comoros island 
Yahoo! And Maktoob ranks in Middle east Graphs for economy section 
Previous Appointments 
February 2008 till January 2009 
Photographer 
S.S.Lootah International , Dubai (U.A.E.) 
o Photography of industrial, PR events and food for Al Jawhara hotel for Production of brochures, catalogs and many other marketing types of collateral. 
Work done As Photographer for entire group and in-house PR Agency. Covered events like Parties, press Conferences, and Executive shoots for different department as follows Photographer as a freelancer for Clean Middle east Magazine 
o S.S.Lootah International 
o S.S.Lootah Asia 
o S.S.Lootah Contracting 
o Al Jawhara hotel 
o Lootah IT Solutions 
o ZAS-PSE and Architectural firm o Lootah BC GAS 
o IEG 
o Center point logistic o Tech inn (an Italian Joint venture ) 
o Lootah Ready mix o Lootah Contracting 
o Material Lab Dubai o EQSource equipment rentals Done photo shoots for non profitable and profitable institutes mentioned below on different occasions such as Graduation Ceremonies, Press Conferences, Gala 
Dinners and Stock photography. 
o Dubai Islamic School 
o Dubai Medical College for Woman 
o Dubai Pharmacy College o Technical institute July 2005 till January 2008. 
Photographer Gulf Colour in Dubai Media City, Dubai (U.A.E.) 
o Photography of fashion, industrial, Travel, PR events and food for different clients, which for use in publishing and printing. 
Work done Photography for 7 days news paper in different fields likes News, Features, Sports & Business as a freelance photographer Photography for Wallis Marketing Consultant one of the biggest PR Agency in Middle East. Covered events like Parties, Fashion shows, press Conferences, and Executive shots for different clients as follows 
Done photo shoots for different education institutes mentioned below on different occasions such as Graduation Ceremonies, Press Conferences, Gala Dinners and Stock photography. 
Covered many football matches for Sport Solutions one of UAE sports PR 
Company. 
o Masters Cup (Dubai) 
o FIFA Beach Qualifiers (Dubai) 
January 2002 July 2005 Photographer cum Graphic Designer 
Special Lens Studio, Abu Dhabi (U.A.E.) 
o Photography of Modeling, industrial and food for different clients, which for use in publishing and printing. 
o Creating Posters, Broachers, Book Cover, Catalogs and Banners . 
o Developing Interactive CDs with sound and 3dimensional with reality effects. 
o Creating Logos for corporate keeping in mind there activities and mottos should be presented in the logo. 
Languages known (Reading, Writing, Speaking): 
1. English 2. Arabic 3. Hindi 4. Urdu. 
Extra Curricular Activities: 
Traveling, Horse Riding, gardening, Current Affairs. 
About Myself: 
I am an enthusiastic and professional Designer, who enjoys being part of, as well as leading, a successful and productive team. 
I am quick to grasp new ideas and concepts, and to develop innovative and creative solutions to problems. I am able to work well on my own initiative and can demonstrate the high levels of motivation required to meet the tightest of deadlines. 
Even under significant pressure, I possess a strong ability to perform effectively 
*
****************************** 
