 Venkateswara Reddy M 
Hyderabad| +917893847511 
venky5007.ror@gmail.com Summary of Qualification: 
Having 1 year experience in Ruby on Rails. 
Good knowledge on object oriented principles and techniques. 
Quick learner and work under pressure. 
Education: 
Bachelor of Technology in Electrical and Electronic Engineering, JNTU, Anantapur. (2010- 14) PERCENTAGE 
: 66% Intermediate in Mathematics and Sciences, Nandyal, AP (2008 -2010) PERCENTAGE : 70.4% SSC Board (2007-2008) PERCENTAGE : 75% Skills & Abilities : 
TECHNICAL Ruby 2.0.x Rails 
4.0.x JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax, HTML, Css, Bootstrap. 
Project Management JIRA and Atlassian tools Deployment AWS Elastic Beanstalk,S3 SES, RDS 
Operating systems Linux -Ubuntu. 
Databases 
PostgreSQL 
Version control systems GIT IDE Ruby Mine, Sublime text Experience 
SOFTWARE DEVELOPER | KYNATECH SYSTEMS |SEPTEMBER 2015 - Present 
Kynatech systems pvt Ltd is fully owned subsidiary of Allwyn Corporation. 
Allwyn Corporation was founded with a mission to help companies solve complex technology problems by bringing tools, technologies, experienced resources, processes, methodologies and project delivery expertise to the table Projects 
I. 
HR-SOLUTIONS 
(I phase) - (http://hrsolutions.elasticbeanstalk.com/) 
Team 2 Role Developer Period 2 Months 
Description 
Hr solution is a web application which generates the pay slips to accounts team. It accepts the data in both ways upload xlsx file and manual entry in to the system. Once it uploads the data it stores in to S3 bucket. And it also has search functionality to get the employee details. 
II. 
ALLWYN LOGIN (I phase) - (http://www.employee.allwyncorp.com) Team 3 Role Developer Period 2 Months 
Description 
This application is developed for Allwyn employees it has employee and admin logins. In employee login user can download the files that are begin uploaded by admin and send query or request to management, and admin has ability to upload the files and user management like user creation. 
III. 
MIHOME (http://mihome-qa.elasticbeanstalk.com/) Team 
3 Role Developer Period 2 Months 
Description 
Mihome is a unique way to save the home related information in to application and sends notifications on expiry of any products, reminder dates. It has two logins homeowner login and builder login. 
IV. 
PERITUS (http://www.edgeaffinity.com/) Team 2 Role Developer Period 3 Months 
Description 
Peritus is my challenging work among all the projects and it has four logins super admin login, admin login, association admin and end user login. Super admin and admin creates particular mentioned acronym with association admin role in benefits, notifications, news, surveys, ads and events was created. Association admin creates end user role with particular that acronym. 
Personal Profile 
NAME Venkateswara Reddy M 
FATHER NAME Venkata Subba Reddy M 
DATE OF BIRTH 14th June 1993 
GENDER 
Male 
LANGUAGES English, Hindi, Telugu 
MARTIAL STATUS Single 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Venkateswara Reddy M. 
