PROFILE
 
69, Sector 39 Gurgaon 
Haryayan-122001 
Cell No. 
+91-9584494113. 
E-mail:- sharma91.jit@gmail.com 
JITENDRA SHARMA 
Statement of Purpose 
To learn about functioning of an organization, perform my duty in an effective manner through hard work, honesty & determination. Leading to significant contribution to the organization through my incumbent potential & explore future career possibilities. 
Professional Experience Working as Operation Executive (PAN INDIA) 
From May 2016 to till date Company Name: - TCI SCS. Gurgaon (Corporate Office) 
Principle Responsibilities: 
Providing a friendly and professional welcome to all customer and visitors, presenting a positive impression of themselves and the organization. 
Approval to the Initial estimates of work in Own PAN INDIA 1300+ fleet. 
Procurement planning & fabrication of trucks, Lubricants, Tyre etc according to operation requirement. 
Follow up & Resolution of Technical issues with the Customers regarding the servicing and root cause with Ashok Leyland, TATA, Bharat Benz etc and monthly review with customers. 
Start of AMC contract and their renewals with proper validation & Warranty issues follow up and their track till cover. 
Find the potential vendor s and their contract finalization at optimum cost according to T&C, O 
Prepare All India dispatch report customer wise and their analysis according to SOB. 
Return load planning to vehicles to decrease empty running. 
Follow up with branch team to prevent unwanted hold of the loaded vehicles more than permissible time to increase the running. 
Customer meets camps, Safety, technical training, events, advertisements, promotional / incentive schemes Organize at branched and update. 
Accident Analysis on the basis of 5M analysis, GPS data, Driver history etc and share with the team to emphasis on zero accidents & training to staffs. 
Training personnel and helping team members develop their skills 
To measure 3 major KPI s (On time Placement, Delivery and damage free delivery) through collection of MIS for various verticals. 
Working as Key Accounts Executive (Hero Moto Corp) From 1 June 2014 to 31st Apr 2016 Company Name: - TCI SCS. 
Haridwar 
Principle Responsibilities: 
Management of IBL and OBL operation to Hero moto corp. 
Vehicle planning to IBL operation to fulfill the daily production plan. 
Just In Time Inventory management and maintain the stock of empty trollies/bins at the supplier end. 
Dispatch planning according to SOB allotted and maintain all times vehicle availabilty. 
Monitoring & improving transportation TAT through daily analysis of abnormalities. 
Submissions of bills/Outstanding follow up with customers. 
Raise alarms against the Non-Adherence Window Timing at dealers end as well as customer end. 
Prepare the customer service failure & value creation report and analysis to enhance the service level. 
Vendor development and their management according to load availability. 
Dispatch through trains to provide the maximum dispatch service to customer and to increase the revenue too. 
Load planning to train by maintaining the availability of truck according to proper forecast of train allotment. 
Follow up with train authorities to allotment of NMG/stocking permissions. 
Prepare the load MIS and share it till the delivery to the next station and station to end dealers. 
Maintaining the Operation according SLA and determined on safety in Inbound and Outbound operation. 
Organize safety training to drivers as well as to our staff s. 
Taking care of the Legal/Sales Tax/RTO issues and it clearance,Accidents, court case, Damage/Shortage case. 
Academic Credentials 
Completed bachelor of engineering in Automobile 
Engineering From Rustamji institute of technology B.S.F academy, Gwalior (M.P.) RGPV, Bhopal. 
Marks Details: Year of Passing /University/ Location CGPA 
Engineering 2014/RGPV University /Gwalior 
7.4 Exam Year of Passing/Board /School /Location Percentage 12th (Intermediate) 2009/ M.P BOARD/Govt High Secondary School/ Gwalior (M.P.) 70 % 10th (High school ) 2007/ C.B.S.E BOARD/St. Paul s School/ Gwalior (M.P.) 67% Computer Skills Operating system: Window 8, Window 7, Window XP. 
Other Tools: Pro-e Trainings Fleet Management training CRM Customer relationship management training Key Learning s: 
Management of fleet operation, technically how we could make profit in business. 
How to interact; manage the customer, convincing capability. 
Achievements & Awards 
Awarded by the best project award to dispatch more than targeted via multimodal transportation 2014-2015 (Hero Moto corp project) 
As a team captain won the Final of Cricket & Football and runner up prize in Basketball in year 2006. 
Strengths 
Highly disciplined, goal -oriented and self-motivated. 
A decisive, persistent, knowledgeable, creative resourceful team leader. 
Managing ability. 
Positive attitude. 
Current Salary: CTC- 4.10 L P.A. 
Expected Salary: As per Organization Norms. 
Notice Period: 1 month. 
Personal dossier Permanent Address Father s Name:- Late Shri Hari Narayan Sharma 71, Sadar Bazar Morar D.O.B:- 15th April 1991 Gwalior (M.P) 474012 
Marital Status:- Unmarried Linguistic Abilities:- Hindi and English 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that all the information provided above is true. 
Place: Gurgaon Jitendra Sharma 
