Jogendra D. Nakhawa 
Mobile: +91-9769610703 
E-mail: jogendra281@gmail.com / jogendra.nakhawa@rediffmail.com Career Focus 
To pursue challenging assignments for driving organizational growth by delivering innovative HR practices in all areas of Human Resource Management functions. 
Professional Synopsis 
 A seasoned HR professional with more than 9 years of domain experience with various industry (Service, Manufacturing) verticals. 
 Developed career graph as a HR generalist handling end to end HR life cycle, processes and building and executing HR strategies. 
 Proficient in Recruitment and Selection, On boarding and Employee Engagement, Compensation& Benchmarking, Employee grievance, Performance Management and Training, Exit formalities and settlements. 
Competencies  HR Generalist  Recruitment and Selection 
 
 Performance Management 
Training and Development  HRIS/ MIS Implementation  
 HR Systems and Policy implementation 
Employee Relations  Compensation and Benefits Management  HR Audit  
 HR Operations  
Professional Experience Current Organisation 
: Techint India Pvt. Ltd. Designation : 
Executive HR Duration : 
May 2012 to till date 
Techint India Private Limited, 100% Subsidiary of Techint Group Argentina & Milan with Engineering Operations in India with over 300employees. Techint is a large Group with US$ 22.0 Billion Sales Turnover with operations in South 
America, Middle East, Egypt and Mexico with headquarters located in Argentina & Milan, Italy. 
The company has executed about 3500 projects. 
Role & Responsibilities : 
 Recruitment and Selection: 
 Management of the complete recruitment life-cycle for sourcing the best talent from diverse sources after receiving the Manpower requisition form, duly approved by HOD & Director. 
 Sourcing of the candidates through job portal, liaising with the placement agencies, Existing databank, Employee Referrals, Walk-In Interview, Campus Recruitment etc. 
 Scheduling and conducting the test and preliminary round of interview, coordination with the technical person or Head of the Department for Technical Interview. 
 Performing reference check, medical check-up and issuing Offer & Appointment Letters. 
 On Boarding, Induction and Orientation: 
 Undertaking joining formalities of new joiners and issuing the new joinee kit. 
 Informing all concerned regarding the new joinee. 
 Coordination with IT department for creating E-mail ID for a new recruit. 
 Develop and conducting an effective induction program in conjunction with other departments. 
 Sending new employee details to Insurance Company for enrolment. 
 Confirmation and Performance Appraisal: 
 Coordinating and facilitating the process of confirmation appraisal of those employees who have completed 6 months of service. 
 Facilitate the process of handing over the confirmation letters to the concerned employee. 
 Managing the appraisal process across the levels in the organization for all eligible employees based on feedback from Management for various HR functions i.e. increments/ promotions/ Training & Development/ 
Incentives schemes, performance target setting to the respective employees. 
2 
 Training and Development: 
 Identifying Training needs through job analysis, annual appraisal process and regular discussion with HODs. 
 Preparing Training Budget and facing External Training Audits. 
 Ensure effectiveness of GET/MT training. 
 Training calendar preparation and trainee enrolment after consulting with various HODs. 
 Arranging training programs for the personnel. 
 Preparing training schedules for both in-house & outbound programs. 
 Analysing effectiveness of training through evaluation & follow up. 
 Payroll and Statutory Compliances: 
 Provide Salary inputs to the finance department for monthly payroll system, make necessary entries for new joiners, separation cases, unpaid leave of all employees (on roll, contract and subcontract). 
 Taking care of statutory compliance (ESI and PF etc) for all eligible employees by completing all the require formalities. 
 Exit Process: 
 Conducting Exit interview & feedback, Empower clearance, updating the headcount accordingly. 
 Administering full and final settlement process. 
 Analysing feedback to determine reason to exit and reporting the same to Management. 
 MIS and HR Database Management: 
 Keeping updated data about employees through personnel files and computerized Human Resource 
Information System as well as SAP system and sending MIS / HRIS to Head-HR. 
 HR Operations & Administration: 
 Adhering to process compliance (ISO Standards).  To co-ordinate process of Contract Extension, Probation and Confirmation of all employees as per the schedule, so that the employees get dues on time. 
 Leave and Attendance Management 
 Involved in HR process Audit related to ISO Certifications 
 Clarify the Employee Grievance and various issues/queries on Leave and Salary. 
 Taking care of LTA claims, Salary account opening, Mediclaim insurance, Food coupons, ID cards, Vendor 
Management etc. 
 Maintain HR files and employee information in various reports like employee database, recruitment tracker, preparing all HR letters and certificates etc. 
 Taking initiative for implementation of HR policies. 
2. Organization 
: Lanxess India Pvt. Ltd 
Designation : 
Sr. Executive - HR 
Duration 
: August 2010 to September 2011 LANXESS is a leading Speciality Chemicals enterprise with Headquarter in Germany, with around 48 production and sales units all over the world. LANXESS India Private Limited is 100% subsidiary of LANXESS Germany, with corporate office in Thane, production sites at Nagda, Jhagadia and branch offices in Chennai and Delhi. (Employee strength more than 750) 
Role & Responsibilities :  Recruitment & Selection  On Boarding, Induction and Orientation  Confirmation and Performance Appraisal 
 Attendance and Leave Managements  HR Operation  Training and Development  HR Audit 
3 3. 
Organization 
: Hamilton Housewares Pvt. Ltd. 
Designation : Executive - HR 
Duration 
: September 2007 to August 2010 
Hamilton is a leading Thermoware, Glassware and Stationery manufacturing company with Headquarter in Mumbai, production sites at Haridwar, Dadra and Nagar Haveli and branch offices in Chennai, Delhi, Kolkata, and Hyderabad. 
(Employee strength more than 600) Role & Responsibilities :  Recruitment and Selection  On Boarding, Induction and Orientation  Confirmation and Performance Appraisal 
 Attendance and Leave Managements 
 Payroll and Statutory Compliances  Full and Final Settlement and Exit Process  MIS and HR Database Management  HR Operation 4. 
M/S Bonace Engineering Services Pvt. Ltd., Thane as HR Executive October 2005 to December 2006 
(Core engineering recruitment for domestic and international clients). 
5. 
M/S Reliance Infocomm, Kalyan as Back Office Executive August 2004 to September 2005 6. 
M/S Sayali Enterprises, Thane as Accounts Assistant - June 2002 to July 2004 
Achievements 
 Techint India Pvt Ltd: 
 Selected for SAP HCM (PM, OM & Training) integration project in Milan, Italy  Lanxess India Pvt Ltd: 
 Initiated and successfully implemented Leave Management System and Biometric Attendance System. 
 Initiated and successfully implemented induction training programme. 
 Hamilton Houseware Pvt Ltd: 
 Selected to work as a functional process owner for the Corporate HRIS project for Employee database, Online 
Leave and Attendance management system. 
Academic Qualifications 
Bachelor Degree in Commerce from University of Mumbai in March 2002. 
Professional Qualifications 
Diploma in Human Resource Management (DHRM) from Welingkar Institute of Management development and research in May 2010 with 1st Class. 
Post-Graduation Diploma in Business Administration Human Resource (PGDBA) from Welingkar 
Institute of Management development and research in March 2012 with 1st Class. 
Technical Qualifications 
Proficient at MS Office, Outlook, Internet 
Knowledge of SharePoint, SAP (PM & OM Module), Spine as well as Paysmart Software. 
Personal Details 
Date of Birth : 28th October 1981 Marital Status : Married 
Languages Known : English, Marathi and Hindi 
Hobbies : Drawing and listening to music Address : 
G-005, Vakratund Apartment, Near Parasik Bank, Pakhadi Road, Kharegaon, Kalwa - West, Thane 400 605 Skype ID : jogendra282, jogendra.nakhawa (Jogendra D. Nakhawa) 
