Harshitha .B.M 
Mobile: +91 9008828809 
Email ID: harshi.bm.491@gmail.com 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY: 
Have overall experience of 5.2 years developing innovative sales strategies, analyzing business markets and managing high profile client relationship, in depth knowledge of sales partnership, channel development and joint product marketing in Asia region. Built global teams that have bought several new products to market and generated corporate revenues. Currently, working as a dedicated business development manager who has networked with some of the most significant corporate executives in Asia region converted prospects into customers which has contributed to the revenue of the company. 
Career objective: 
To take up a challenging role as Business Development Manager where I can utilize my persuasive and convincing skills to enhance the business ventures for the company thereby expanding its reach and network. 
Work Experience: 
1. Currently, working as Business Development Manager at Penguins Promo Products Pvt 
Ltd. Since 16th November 2016. 
Job Profile: 
Developing strategic relationships with partners or potential clients. 
Working with marketing, sales and product development teams to implement business development initiatives. 
Facilitating the proposal process for specific clients including budget and pricing development, proposal writing, contract negotiations and client presentation. 
Assisting in formulating routine proposals in conjunction with team members and various functional groups. 
Managing accounts and meeting or exceeding targets relating to revenue growth, profit margin, client retention and customer acquisition. 
Establish and maintain on-going client relationships with the various parties to anticipate and resolve potential problems. Participate in site visits. 
Providing regular feedback to senior management about client activity. 
To develop effective working relationship with clients through regular meetings and identify and obtain further sakes business development opportunities. 
Working with and expanding current prospect database within specified business sectors to generate effective leads and exceed sales targets for the business. 
Respond to incoming Request for Information [RFI], Request for Proposal [RFP] in a professional and creative manner. 
To understand a prospects business needs and work with the expert teams to develop a tailored digital marketing proposal. 
2. Worked as Import Marketing Executive at Sri Krishna Sound & Lighting. From June 1st 2012 till September 30th 2016. 
Job Profile: 
Grew sales, through the expansion of sales channels and development of innovative marketing strategies. 
Established global partnerships with companies; negotiated contracts and oversaw regulatory affairs. 
Acquired high profile accounts, through strategic marketing efforts, market analysis and competitor analysis. 
Improved international product delivery; streamlined e-commerce purchasing processes. 
Recognized divisions and established remote business function. 
Participated in activities needed to support the management functions of the team. 
Coordinated with logistics, sales, supply chain, and with international freight forwarders. 
Academic details: 
Qualification Year University Aggregate 
PGDFM 2016 Symbiosis Institute of Business Management, Bengaluru 6.51CGPA 
BBM 2012 CMS-Jain University 70% Travel & Tourism 2012 CMS-Jain University 78% Pre-University 2009 NMKRV PU College For Women 71% 
10th Standard 2007 ST. Theresa s Girls High School 56% 
Internship: 
1. Company name: Religare Enterprises Limited 
Position holding: Intern 
Started: January 7th 2011 
Ended: March 31st 2011 Responsibilities and duties: 
Getting customers/clients 
Meeting targets Getting information on high standard customers/profile 2. Company name: Octel Networks 
Position holding: Intern 
Started: December 27th 2011 
Ended: March 13th 2012 Responsibilities and duties: 
Preparing report on the bill of lading Calculating import and export tax structure Tax entries. 
Projects undertaken: 
A major project report on 
A study on Analysis of financial performance of Octel 
Networks through Comparative Analysis . 
A minor project report on Organization study of Religare with special reference: 
Does insurance enhances the existing standard of living . 
Team work projects on various topics such as Research Methodology-Volkswagen, Strategic 
Management-MTR, Business Communication- Top level organization format, Financial 
Management- Microsoft, Operations Management- Green Manufacturing. 
Skill set: 
Have good Problem solving and analytical skills. 
Indulged in teamwork Adaptability to change Interpersonal and communication skills Ability to leverage technology Time management and project management skills Strong listening skills Ability to communicate with all levels of management, from line managers to the CEO 
Creative/conceptual ways of thinking Multi-functional team experience Tolerance of ambiguity; flexibility Extra-Curricular Activities and Achievements: 
Volunteer experience through college fest-discipline and logistic support, threshold and Abhinaya. 
A member of toastmasters international enhancing public speaking skills. 
Performed in Abhinaya national theatre festival of one - act plays 2010 and awarded as best actor award. 
Attended the international conference on Innovative Pedagogy in business and management education 2009 as a volunteer. 
Gained corporate level internship experience with Religare pvt ltd and Octel networks during undergraduate program. 
Certified in calligraphy- Sai education trust. 
Attended BNI one chapter meet 2015. 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that all the above furnished information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
