 Page 1 Vaishali H Joshi Email: vaishalijoshi.sap@gmail.com 
SAP FI Consultant Cell: +91-9833163883 (India) 
OBJECTIVE: Keen to work in a dynamic organization having a versatile top management with an appetite for growth both for the organization and the individual. 
Profile Summary 
SAP FICO functional consultant with 2.6 years of experience. Involved in life cycle supporting and configuration. 
Good understanding of business process in Industry. Easy adaptability to new concepts. Has good track of record in Communication analytical, interpersonal and presentation skills. 
Dynamic and result oriented team player with extensive SAP Experience. 
SAP FI/CO Strengths 
Proficient in Sap s ASAP Methodology and well versed with business process, its mapping & configuration in SAP. 
As-is business process in the financial and controlling areas documentation and To-be process documented and mapped in sap for FI 
Proficient in General ledger account (FI-GL), Account payables (AP), Account receivable (AR), Bank Accounting, Asset accounting (FI-AA) Knowledge of CO sub modules like Cost Element Accounting (CO-CEA) Cost Center Accounting(CO-CCA), Profit Center Accounting (CO-PCA) Internal orders(CO-IO) Proficient in cross modules like FI-MM integration, FI-SD integration Proficient in using of data migration tools like LSMW Knowledge in NEW General Ledger Configuration 
Expertise 
ERP Application: SAP R/3(FI/CO), Tally, MS Office Operating Systems: MS-DOS, Windows -7, Windows - 10 
Educational Qualification 
Post Graduate Certificate in Banking from AIIM Edusys in 2012 secured 79% Commerce Graduate from Mumbai University in 2007 secured 68% HSC from Maharashtra Board in 2004 secured 67% SSC from Maharashtra Board in 2002 secured 72% 
Personal Details 
Indian, Female, Married. 
Date of Birth: 22nd July 1987 
Languages: English, Hindi, Marathi and Gujarati 
SAP EXPERIENCE 
Company : Net Business Solutions (India) Limited 
Project: 2 
Client 
: On-Time Express Limited (On Time Logistics India Private Limited), Hong Kong 
Role : Support. 
Duration : February 2016 to till date 
On-Time Group is a leading provider of freight and logistics services, offering full range of international services for the movement of industrial, commercial and retail goods. Major services are in Air Operations, Sea Operations. 
Page 2 Closely working with steamship lines and leading cargo airlines to provide an inter-modal solution that will ensure arrival faster than Sea Freight and cheaper than Air Freight. 
Contribution: 
Understanding Business process of the Client s Business and actively involved in providing solutions. 
General Ledger (FI-GL) taking care for uploading master data and configuring the pre-requisites which includes Creation of Chart of Accounts, Account groups, filed status groups, maintains number ranges for document types, open and close posting periods and created GL Account Master Records, etc. 
Accounts Receivable (FI-AR), and Accounts Payable (FI-AP) master data uploading and maintaining the prerequisites such as creation of account groups, number ranges and Payment configuration, Dunning, Cash Journal, Cross Company Code Transactions. 
Manual Bank Reconciliation Configuration. 
Configuration of AA (FI-AA) 
Maintaining the prerequisites such as Chart of Depreciation, Account 
Determination, Screen Layouts, Asset Classes, Defining Depreciation Key separately for Book Depreciation and Tax 
Depreciation, Asset Master Record and Sub Assets, Acquisition, Sale of Assets, Asset Under Construction. 
Preparing FS for Z Reports and Testing 
Defining LSMW for master data uploads 
User manuals preparation 
Imparting training to End Users. 
Project: 1 
Client : Tower Ex Group, Nigeria 
Role : Support Project. 
Duration 
: December 2014 to January 2016. 
Tower Extrusions is a division of Tower Aluminum Nigeria PLC. Tower Extrusions has been a pioneer in Aluminum Extrusion with over 20 years of experience in extrusion business. It draws its strength from being part of the International Group that are in extrusion business in Ghana, Kenya, Trinidad, Sri Lanka, Nepal, Jamaica, and other countries. 
Contribution: 
Customizing & configuring major modules like General Ledger, Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable, Asset 
Accounting in a medium size project as active member of a Team. 
Creating Transportation Request. 
Foreign Currency Valuation. 
The Project involved integration with MM, AA Module in Setting up Organizational Hierarchy. 
Configuration for setting up G/L Master Data & House Bank Master Data. 
Configuration & Creation of Customer/ Vendor Master data, Account Groups. 
Defining Special G/L transactions for Down Payments. 
Setting and Customizing of Automatic Payment Program. 
Define Chart of Depreciation. 
Creation of Asset Master Data, Asset Classes, Depreciation Areas/Keys. 
Computation and Execution of Depreciation. 
DOMAIN EXPERIENCE 
COMPANY Designation Duration 
Hari Steel Industries Limited Associate Accountant Sr Nov 2007 
Dec 2011 Kumar Enterprises (Kumar Group) Accounts Executive Sr Jan 2012 July 2014 Roles and Responsibilities 
Maintaining Books of Accounts, Purchase Register, Sales Register, G/L accounts, Cash and Bank Books 
Verifying Bank Reconciliation Statements. 
Checking of Invoices, Purchase Orders, Debit notes and Credit notes. 
Daily General Accounting processing via purchases and Sales 
Preparation of Purchase Orders and Purchase enquiry. 
Passing of suppliers and expenditure bills. 
Reconciliation of Debtors and Creditors 
Page 3 Responsible for daily payments and receipts. 
Submitting the weekly aging reports to the management (Sundry Debtors) Monitoring of cash collection from sundry debtors Maintenance of ledgers Cashbook & Bank Account 
Rectification of accounting errors and passing financial adjustment entries Finalization of Accounts Profit and Loss account, Balance Sheet of the Company. 
Prepare the monthly statement and day wise reports. 
Handling all Bank Transactions 
Maintenance of each & bank payments, bank reconciliation statement, vendor s statements & correspondence with banks & parties. 
Follow up of accounts receivable & manual dunning statements. 
Key Skills 
Quick Leaarner 
Hard worker and Self Motivated 
Team Player 
Problem Solving Skills and Persuation 
Ability to work under pressure 
