Alpana Jain Tilak Path, Indore, 452001 DIGITAL MARKETING EXPERT +91 977 068 0951 apjain29@gmail.com Professional Profile 
E-Marketing professional with 4.6 years experience of marketing management background and a proven record of strategy building, business improvement and creativity. Recognized for turning around under-performing sales and for improving customer satisfaction in competitive digital markets. 
Personal traits: Action and results oriented. Troubleshoot and rapidly synthesize information to provide quality solutions. Consistently find new alternatives that work. 
Digital Competencies: SEO Social Media tools Awareness B2B & B2C Online Marketing 1. On-Page Content Marketing Strategizing 2. Off-Page In-app Optimization Corporate & Business Branding 
Adwords (Facebook, linkedin, Market Research & Analysis Corporate Blogging twitter) Case Study & White Papers SMO (Social media Marketing) 
Career History 
Galaxy Weblinks Pvt Ltd Sept 2016 - Present 
Sr. SEO Analyst 
Website Optimization Strategy and Implementation 
Website Analysis Finding out coding errors, making the website structure clean, recommending various changes to make the overall website search engine friendly. 
Search Engine Optimization (SEO) 
Experienced in both onpage and offpage SEO optimization. 
Pay per Click (PPC) campaign management 
I managed Facebook ad campaign, LinkedIn ad campaign, successfully for clients and in-house sites. 
Social Media Optimization and Reputation Management- Promoting website in various social media optimization to improve brand image, creating awareness and attracting visitors. 
Landing Page optimization: I have successfully done landing page optimization to increase conversion/leads from visitors. 
Analyzing on new link building techniques is a part of my daily job description. 
Communicating with both international and domestic clients Finding new business opportunities. 
Helping management to create new quotes for clients. 
FODUU Sept 2013 - Oct 2016 
Sr. SEO Analyst 
I handle the Digital Marketing division for FODUU, where I manage various in-house and clientele international projects. 
I strategize and recommended for both B2B and B2C digital marketing campaigns. Scope of prior projects have included Devising full strategies, monitoring and reporting, managing campaigns, content creation, and blogger outreach, organic business development. 
Along with handle MNC brand projects for Brand Management Plan and execute all web, SEO/SEM, marketing database, email, social media and display advertising campaigns Design, build and maintain our social media presence Measure and report performance of all digital marketing campaigns, and assess against goals (ROI and KPIs) Identify trends and insights, and optimize spend and performance based on the insights Brainstorm new and creative growth strategies Plan, execute, and measure experiments and conversion tests Collaborate with internal teams to create landing pages and optimize user experience Utilize strong analytical ability to evaluate end-to-end customer experience across multiple channels and customer touch points Instrument conversion points and optimize user funnels Collaborate with agencies and other vendor partners Evaluate emerging technologies. Provide thought leadership and perspective for adoption where appropriate 
PARKHYA SOLUTIONS, Indore, India Aug/2012 to Sept/2013 
Jr. SEO Actively promoted the client and company s websites. I groomed my SEO skills while working for many clients worldwide. 
Handled SEO campaigns for clients, Off Page Linking Keyword Research Generated Content for emails and general articles posting, Used web tools to track the performance of SEO campaigns, including site traffic, and back links, Social Networking (Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn) on behalf of client, Identified and get resolved the issues like: content, HTML code, link architecture and navigation issues on websites, Produced regular audits and created in-depth monthly performance and progress reports for clients. 
Technical Skills 
Software: Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint); functional familiarity with Illustrator and Photoshop, Different CMS (Word Press, Drupal, Magento), CRM. 
Web Programming: HTML, CSS. 
Application Tools: Screaming Frog, SEMrush, QuickSprout, ProRank Tracker, Ahrefs SEO Tools, CopyScape Social Media Tools : Conversocial, Engagor, Radian 6 engagement suite, Hootsuite, Sprout social, Tweetdeck 
Google Tools: Google Analytics, Google webmaster tool, Google keyword planner, Google tag manager, Google data studio Education 
BE, Information Technology SYSITS with RGPV University, Ratlam, India (2012) 
Certification 
Certified by Google Analytics certification VALID through Jan 2017. 
Personal Details 
Name Alpana Jain 
Father s name Mr. Mohanlal Jain 
Date of Birth 29th 
Sept 1991 Permanent address 75/11, Samliya Road Namli, Ratlam (MP) 
Nationality Indian 
Languages Known English, Hindi 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge. 
Date: Yours sincerely 
Place: 
Indore (M.P.) Alpana Jain 
