 PRIYANKA KARAKOTI 
Contact: +91-9953755349 
| E-Mail: priyankak459@gmail.com Profile Summary 
Creative Designer with 5 Years Experience in the Graphic Design Industry.My rich & diverse experience includes- Graphic/Web/Presentation Design, Newsletters, Social Posts, home page banners for the website.Adept at handling all aspects of the creative process. I would like to attain a challenging position to make the organization and I grow simultaneously. 
Software Skills 
Graphic Tools 
Adobe Photoshop Cs6, Adobe Illustrator Cs6, Adobe In design Cs4,Coral Draw 
Cs4, 
Web Design Adobe Dreamweaver Cs4,Adobe Flash Cs5.5,HTML Operating Systems Windows XP, Vista , Windows 7,8. 
Work Profile 
Web & Graphic Designing, Logo Designing, Creating Banner, Newsletter Designing, Visiting card, Business card, Letterhead, Poster Designing, Greeting Card , Brochure Designing, Web Templates, Packaging Design, Menu Card, Paper Ads, Paper Design, Magazine Design, Retouching and Color Correction, Facebook Post , Google & Yahoo Adwords, Mailer Designing, Home page Banners, Image Intension Ads Achievements 
Won best performer Award 8 times in a row over a period of 3 years at Snapdeal. 
Best employee of the year at Lenskart.Com, July 2013. 
Career Scan 
Since Aug 14 with Snapdeal.com, as Sr. Graphic Designer & Quality Auditor Key Result Area: 
Maintaining & Designing Performance Reports, Infographics, PPTs, Web Banners for the management. 
Working on all image editing, image quality check and quality audit. 
Also create HTML pages and banner for seller helpdesk link. 
Design daily facebook post home page banners Design of marketing materials for Google and Yahoo. 
May 12 to July 14 with Lenskart.com, as Creative Graphic Designer 
Key Result Area: 
Designing of Corporate Annual Trend Report Designing of Monthly Newsletter including HTML 
Designing flash banners & other creative Designing landing pages including HTML 
Design and layout home pages, advertisements, brochures, visiting cards, Packaging design, illustrator, vector graphic, newsletter for lenskart. 
Design brand identity for lenskart. 
Prepared designs for photo shoots. 
Design daily facebook post for lenskart.com,watchkart.com, jewelskart.com and john-jacobs.com 
Design of marketing materials for Google and Yahoo. 
Works with project managers and team members to provide professional recommendations for concept, design, art direction, production, print buying, and monitors quality control. 
Design of marketing materials for print, web and social media. 
Responsible for understanding the need of customer in terms of online media/Advertisements requirements 
Designing Promo materials (posters, pamphlets, etc.) 
Designing infographics using data points. 
Designing landing pages. 
Developing design briefs by gathering information and data to clarify design issues. 
Using innovation to redefine a design brief and meet the deadlines. 
Contribute ideas and design artwork to the overall brief. 
Producing landing pages, banners, animations, wireframes, mockups and email graphics. 
Coordinating with different functional units for creative and new ideas. 
Professional Qualification 1 year Diploma Course in Graphic and Web Designing from ARENA ANIMATION- South Extension Part-2, New Delhi in 2011 Education Qualificationa 
Graduate from Delhi University in 2013 
12th 
From C.B.S.E 
Delhi (Commerce Stream) in 2010. 
10th 
From C.B.S.E-Delhi in 2008. 
Pursuing M.com from IGNOU. 
Personal Attributes 
Growth oriented, Aggression to achieve, Confidence Good communication skills. 
Business and Professional attitude. 
Social awareness. 
Work independent Quick learner with positive attitude. 
Thinking creatively to produce new ideas. 
Able to perform well under pressure. 
Ability to listen and understand the requirements of customers quickly, diplomatically, and courteously. 
Ability to identify, prioritize, and execute tasks with tight deadlines in a fast-paced environment Extra Curricular Activities 
Participation in school Annual Function & different kind of activities. 
Reading News Paper, Singing , Dancing, Painting ,Sketching . 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above information is correct to the best of my knowledge. 
( Priyanka Karakoti ) 
