Soumya Ranjan Rath 
Mobile: 7873805907, 7008344807, E-Mail: rathsoumyaranjanrath4@gmail.com 
PROFILE 
SUMMARY 
Bachelors in Civil Engineering with 2 & Half years of experience in planning & implementing technical solutions for designing, constructing Railway beds & infrastructure. 
I was associated with M/s Arpita Constructions, Under Larsen &Toubro LTD. as a Civil Engineer; creating & executing project work plans and maximizing operational result and profits Comprehensive knowledge of road design using MX Road Software, IRC Standards, MS Project and Building Codes, Specifications & Regulations. 
Performed cost analysis of subcontractors by reviewing material/subcontractor invoices for approval and achieved savings worth 30%. 
Proven skills in effectively testing, supervising, training & scheduling company employees with sub- contractors to mediate conflicts. 
CORE COMPETENCIES ~ Project Management ~ Site Engineering ~ Layout & Design ~ Surveys & Estimation ~ Quality Control 
~ Testing Of Materials WORK 
EXPERIENCE 
Key Result Areas: 
Managing 28 project employees, including in-house and sub-contractors; attending meetings and discussing project details with clients, contractors and stakeholders. 
Developing project baselines; monitoring & controlling projects with respect to cost, resource deployment, time over-runs and quality compliance. 
Inspecting project sites to monitor progress. 
Preparing monthly reports detailing progress on engineering & commissioning activities. 
Coordinating with the Client & consultants for drawings and approvals. 
Conducting delay analysis and risk analysis as part of the project release process. 
Negotiated with contractors & suppliers for materials & services and ensuring each stage of the project progresses on-time and within budget. 
Participated in project review meetings and liaised with clients, consultants & sub-contractors for evaluating project progress. 
Accomplishments: 
Successfully completed the SBP-TLG Railway Doubling Project from Sambalpur to Titlagarh, in the State Of Odisha from KM 48.000 to 79.200KM worth INR 100 Crores. 
Obtained statutory approvals despite facing technical challenges in Quality & Construction area. 
Middle Level Assignments - Project Management / Construction Management 
Qualified professional with Degree in Construction Engineering, managing day-to-day operational aspects of projects by effectively applying methodologies that enforce project standards and minimize exposure and risks on projects 
M/s Arpita Constructions, under Larsen &Toubro LTD, 
As a Civil Engineer 
Nov 14-Mar 17 EDUCATION B.Tech. (Civil Engineering) from BPUT, Odisha in 2014 with 1st Division 12th from VSS College, Odisha in 2010 with 1st Division 10th from K.S High School, Odisha in 2008 with 1st Division 
ACADEMIC PROJECT 
Did a project on MIX DESIGN FOR M25 GRADE OF CONCRETE Minor project. 
This paper presents the development of a novel technique for approximate proportioning of standard concrete mixes. Reference code- IS: 10262-2003 and IS: 456-2000 Did a project on Final year EXPERIMENTAL ANALYSIS OF MIX DESIGN USING HIGH ALUMINA CEMENT BY REPLACING WITH FLY ASH Major project 
This paper presents the development of a novel technique for approximate proportioning of standard concrete mixes. 
Many additive materials are used in High alumina cement to control the exothermic reaction like Fly- 
Ash, Husk Dust, Cocoanut Shell, calcium phosphate, mica flakes, sodium hexa-meta-phosphate powder, water glass, fibers etc. Reference code- IS: 10262-2003 and IS: 456-2000 IT SKILLS MS Excel & Word AutoCAD (2007, 2009 &2010), with sound knowledge of 2D and 3D modeling. 
MX Road Software 
Internet ability 
STRENGTH 
Ability to work in a team Friendliness 
Adapting to any kind of circumstances Optimistic & competitive Honest & Hard working 
DECLARATION 
I do hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Place: 
Bangalore Date of Birth: 10th jun 1993 
Languages Known: English, Hindi and Odia 
Mailing Address: Ground floor House No-08 
Anusiya Krupa Building Main Road 1st Ashwini Layout 
SeegahalliVirgonagar Post Next To Command Hospital 
BANGALORE,560049 
Permanent Address: C/o-Siba Prasad Rath 
At/Po Godbhaga, via-Godbhaga, Dist-Bargarh, Pin-768111 
