 ANISH CHOWDHARY 
Overview 
Sales and Marketing professional with 8 years of experience across diverse industries. Handled B2B as well as B2C roles. Part of Tata Group s leadership development program, TAS. Young leader with high 
EQ and results-orientation. Presently, heading Sales & BD for a new business (start-up) in Tata Chemicals. 
Key Skills: Sales, Marketing, B2C, B2B, People Management, Product Development, Partner Relations 
Work Experience 
TATA CHEMICALS LIMITED (TAS Manager) 
Since Jun 13 
Job Profile : Head, Sales & Business Development, Nutritional Solutions Business 
Responsibilities 
Tata Chemicals launched its Nutrition business in 2013 through a greenfield investment for manufacturing of biotechnology based specialty nutraceuticals a first in India. The role involves establishing and leading the Sales and Business Development function of this new business: 
Driving topline and bottomline in food, nutrition supplements and pharmaceuticals segments with a team of 10 sales professionals and 2 chefs and food technologists Setting up distribution network and building customer relations in India, USA, Europe and SE Asia 
New product development through collaboration with R&D and strategic tie-ups with global players Achievements 
Achieved 4X topline growths Y-O-Y. Exceeded Annual Business Plan for first 3 years of operations 
Successfully set up distribution network across 105 cities in India and in USA, Europe, Gulf and ANZ 
Successfully launched 10 new products (e.g. Sweeteners, Cocoa, Gums) Co-developed Innovative formulations with R&D; some having product patents New product launches with leading Indian food brands; created new markets for sugar free foods Go-To-Market strategy, brand architecture and products ready for consumer supplements pilot launch Work Experience 
Tata Companies (TAS Manager) 
June 12 Jun 13 
Tata Chemicals (Sales and Business Development) Led the national launch of I-Shakti besan (gram flour) across 10,000 outlets in India; gained market share of 10%-20% within 1 year in most markets. Key activities involved region-wise price benchmarking, competition analysis, outlet-wise planning; customer need mapping; BTL activities planning, sales planning and volume estimation Set up contract manufacturer of the product worth 50% of volumes; developed supply chain roadmap for optimizing cost and delivery 
Tata Steel (Strategy and Business Development) Developed an economic model for the strategy team of Tata Steel to evaluate and monitor greenfield investment destinations for steel plants worth USD 10-15 billion Designed a strategy roadmap and identified investment destinations; recommendations accepted for next stage of evaluation 
Tata Teleservices (Product Management) Developed targeted products and plans for prepaid mobile business worth INR 3 cr. per month Identified opportunities and set up processes for reducing High Value Customers migration by 5% through effective complaint management and on-time data analysis Sir Dorabji Tata Trust (Social Development) Developed an actionable and sustainable plan for improving education scenario in Bap block, Jodhpur district of Rajasthan experiencing one of the highest dropout rates in the country. 
Work Experience TATA MOTORS LIMITED 
May 10 June 12 
Job Profile: Business HR Manager, West Region 
Responsibilities 
Managed the Business HR function of Sales organization of Western Region having more than 500 employees and a monthly business of over INR 300 cr.; role involved end-to-end HR operations; change management and business partnering. 
Achievements 
Managed cultural change and set up new systems and processes over 18 months resulting in successful establishment of the concept of HR Business Partner 
Facilitated the people aspects of business restructuring in the Passenger Car business over 6 months with less than 1% attrition, 100% fill rate of new positions and first on-time completion of performance management cycle in 5 years Reduced Vacancy Rate from 50% to -5% within 1 year; best performing region in the country Led the national rollout of the new Performance Management System of Tata Motors covering over 3000 employees across 10 locations within 45 days. 
ADDITIONAL PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
2005 2007 Book Merchandiser at Landmark Bookstores, Kolkata 
Student Journalist at The Telegraph and The Times of India 
Professional emceeing and event management 
Conducting workshops on Personality Development for adolescents Selling Life Insurance policies of ING Vysya Life Insurance 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS 
Exam / Degree Board / University Year Position 
MBA Goa Institute of Management 2008 to 2010 1st Rank 
B.Com St. Xavier s College, Kolkata 2005 to 2008 1st Class 
C.A. (P.E. I & II) Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 2006 to 2007 N.A. 
OTHER ACHIEVEMENTS 
Consistent Top Performer 2010-16 Consistently secured highest performance rating throughout corporate career (6 successive top ratings) 
Gold Medalist, Business Excellence 2015 Gold Medalist in Tata Business Excellence Model; Less than 1% of eligible in Tata Group qualify for this. 
Conducted assessment for Tata Housing and JUSCO (a Tata Steel subsidiary) 
Special Recognition for Innovation & Distribution Network creation Special recognition from top management for driving innovation and creating a special distribution network for the business. Several appreciations for different team members. Sales team recognized for passion. 
Tata Innovista 2014 Finalist in Tata Innovista, global innovation award of Tata Group for innovation through new technologies 
Triple Gold Medalist 2010 
Won three gold medals during MBA for Best Academic Performance, Best Summer Project and Best 
Managerial Communication 
Best Management Student Award 2010 Awarded Best Management Student 2009 by Goa Management Association 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
Date of Birth: 04-06-1986 
Mobile: 8976001486 
Location: Mumbai Mail: anish.chowdhary86@gmail.com 
