 CAREER GOAL QUALIFICATION HIGHLIGHTS 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Symmetric Technologies | 2015 - Present 
HAL, Bangalore |2016 Oct 
2017April | 
Worked on Flight Weapon Integration as part of DARIN III upgrade of Jaguar, MIRAGE, LCA and LUH Projects at HAL IV&V activities involves C and C++ Programming and unit testing the Aircraft Mission Software with Automation Tool LDRA to verify code compliance with the below standards Comply code with MISRA C:2004 Standards performing Static code Analysis 
Coverage Metrics required to achieve DO-178B standards Verify Procedure table, Code Coverage Metrics for statement 
Coverage, Branch/Decision Coverage, Modified condition and Decision coverage using dynamic code analysis. 
ADE, DRDO, Bangalore|2015 Oct-16 April| 
Development and Testing of Communication modules between Navigation systems at ADE, Bangalore 
Project: Design, Development and Test activities involves of GUI 
Design (Qt creator) includes C and C++ programming and testing the Target computer (RedHat Linux and Windows OS) with Host computer(Ubuntu Linux). 
Responsibilities: Coordinating with the Business team for Requirement and Scoping customer Requirements. 
Deriving Software requirements, preparing SRS and Design document, Test Design, and generating Test report. 
Configuration management Compilation of Multiple files done using Make file Front End and Back end development 
DLRL, DRDO |May-Sep 2016 | Development of Configuration Application for the Data Recorder 
Project: Design and Development of Configuration Application for Analyzing the Recorded data using Qt creator including C and 
C++ programming in Windows OS. 
Responsibilities: 
Deriving the SW Requirements from the customer specifications. 
Responsible for Front end (GUI design) and Back end(C,C++ programming) 
development 
Prepared SDLC documentation (SRS, SDD, STP, STR) EDUCATION JNTU University, 2014 
BE Electronic and Communication Engineering 
KKIT of Engineering, Kurnool, AP SKILLS 
Ability to handle multiple tasks and meet strict deadlines Problem solving & critical thinking Quick learner to adapt to new technology 
INTERESTS 
Yoga 
Swimming Shuttle 
Gym 
Aditya Natuva| (+91) 7676212541 | 
ad i t ya.natuva@gmail.com Executed project at Hindustan Aeronautics Limited (HAL), Aircraft division in IV&V involving C Programming, Unit Testing Aircraft Mission Software using Automation. 
Executed project at Aeronautical Development Establishment, AIEL Division involving SDLC 
Documentation, C and C++ programming and Development of the communication modules between Target computer and Host computer on Linux OS. 
Developed Analysis software using Qt Creator and C/C++ for Linux (RedHat Flavour) OS. 
Developed GUI for Ethernet, RS422 communication and for Data Analysis software Technical knowledge of TCP/IP, RS422, 1553B, Linux Operating system, Automation tool LDRA 
Dynamic team player, motivated, dedicated and quick learner. 
With a good experience in Information Technology, seeking a career opportunity to work with my technical skills in the areas of Design and Development, programming and testing areas towards my professional growth and development in an organization. 
