Ramesh cHANDRA mishra 
124A/Pkt A-2, Mayur Vihar, Phase 
III 
Delhi 
110 096 Mob:- +91 99682 56234 
Email: rcm_60@hotmail.com Personal Summary 
An accomplished Executive Assistant with 15+ years experience into coordinating, planning, supporting operational and administrative functions, reporting to CEO, & Directors. A dependable & committed professional with ability to execute in a fast paced environment and customer needs. . 
Possesses the highest degree of integrity, supported by a flawless record of maintaining confidentiality. Adaptable to changing situations with proven strong leadership, communication skills, work load prioritization and teamwork. 
Professional Experience 
Jindal (I) Thermal Power Limited 
New Delhi, India 
Executive Assistant to Directors Office Oct. 2013 
Till date Key Responsibilities: 
Complete track of the Director meeting / appointments Managing the visitors of Director 
Coordination with Travel Agent for travel related activities 
Negotiation / coordination for hotel booking for the guests of Chairman/ companys overseas staff visit frequently Ensuring data security/searching information on web Coordination / follow-up with the departmental heads for various assignments assigned by Director 
Arranging various teleconferences/video conferences domestic and overseas for Director 
Preparing briefs for meetings based on data from various departments and external sources. 
Preparing Business Presentations on MS Power Point. 
Managing all correspondence on behalf of the Directors office To ensure the timely payment of Director Mobile and various other bills like telephone/security guard/club membership/credit Card and medical policy premium/car insurance etc. Coordination and direct involvement for Purchases of Various research books/CDs from India and overseas and other misc. jobs of high confidentiality assigned by Director. Liaising with various Govt. Offices/Ministries /Political parties for fixing up appointment of Director 
Handling all the subscription of various magazines/books for Directors office Facor Power Limited New Delhi, India 
Secretary to Directors Office Dec. 2009 - Oct. 2013 
Key Responsibilities: 
Executing all Secretarial duties on behalf of the Director 
Dictation and transcription Document management. 
Coordination / follow-up with the departmental heads Preparing briefs for meetings based on data from various departments and external sources. 
Maintaining confidentiality about the office work within and outside the company 
Responsible for Safe keeping of Passport, Passbook, Cheque books, account statements and various finance related papers in proper and systematic way.(Very high level of confidential nature) 
Various other misc. job assigned as and when by other family Director. 
TBL International Limited New Delhi, India 
Executive Secretary to CEO Jan. 1996 Nov. 
2009 
Key Responsibilities: 
Scheduling Meeting/appointments for CEO 
Communication and Correspondence Management. 
Travel and Accommodation management during official tours for the Senior Management. Executive duties in follow up with various department heads and external agencies. 
Managing overall administration and Housekeeping. 
Organizing staff get together and other social festivities. 
Record keeping. 
Qualifications 
Graduate from Delhi University in 1997 
D.O.B.: 25.06.1970 
Current CTC : Rs. 5.06 Lacs p.a., 
Notice Period : 7 -10 days. 
Expected Salary : Negotiable. 
Additional 
Experienced working on the following: - MS-Word, MS-Excel, MS-PowerPoint, MS Outlook etc. 
Shorthand (80 wpm) & Typing (50 wpm) Ramesh cHANDRA mishra 
