GANESH R. BHOI 
Room No 17, Sant Eknath Boys Hostel, Chembur, Mumbai 400071 
DoB: 20/07/1990 
Mobile No: +91 7666160165 
Email ID: ganeshbhoi7666@gmail.com 
Specialization: Operations 
Educational Qualification: 
Year Course Institute/Board/University 
SGPA/ 
Percentage 2017 MMS IES Management College and Research 
3.57/7 
Center, Mumbai University 2013 B.Tech(IT) 
Shri Guru Gobind Singhji Institute of Engg. 
5.67/10 
And technology, Nanded 2009 H.S.C The New Era Jr. College, Jalgaon(Jamod) 76 % 2007 S.S.C Shri Shivaji HighSchool Wadhoda 74.92 % 
Management Project: 
Project Title: E-Procurement in manufacturing industry in India 
Objectives: 
To study the e-procurement in manufacturing sector Impact of IT in procurement of the manufacturing sector Various trends in e-procurement Barriers which are restricting e-procurement implementation Tools and Technology: Microsoft Excel, E-Procurement. 
Summer Internship: Name of the Company: TATA Power Company Limited 
Project Title: Process Management at TATA Power through IT enabled workflow Objectives: To update EPM (Enterprise Process Model) Process Database in excel sheet. 
Process migration from Manual to EPM application through IT enabled workflow for convenient and user friendly access. 
Study the baseline of the processes using six sigma. 
As per the six sigma level rated the processes Tools and Technologies: Documentum, SQL, EPM client application, Six Sigma. 
B.Tech Major Projects Undertaken: 
Project Title: E-commerce Web Application and Its Market Basket Analysis 
Objectives: 
This project is of development of E-Mall Web Application. 
Gathering of customer data from online shopping of customer. 
Analysis of customer order data using data mining techniques (Association Rule). 
Find out the complementary products. 
As per the result of data mining, automatically shown the advertisement of the complementary product. 
Key functionality: Auto Advertisement (Apriori Algorithm) Order Tracking , Sort by Prize, 
Centralized Database. 
Tools and Technologies: HTML, JSP , Oracle Database, Apache Server 
Mini Project : Project Title: Students Quiz 
Objective: This s/w is design to take Student Quiz Competition with very good user interface. 
Tools and Technologies: 
JDBC, Oracle Database Eclipse Indigo. 
Additional Qualifications: Logistics, Supply Chain, Procurement, Warehousing. 
JAVA Course from Profound EduTech Pune. 
Microsoft Excel Certification 
Certificate course in Information Security and Ethical hacking. 
Positions of Responsibility Captain of College cricket team in ITPL. 
Extra-curricular Activities: Participated in Annual Event Pragyaa. 
Winner of KABADDI Interschool Tournament. 
Interests: Cricket Swimming. 
Listening to music. 
Declaration: I consider myself familiar with Operations Management and Information 
Technology Aspects, I am also confident of my ability to work in a team. I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge 
