RAVINDRA H. PATIL : +91-09403719195/ 08984048779/ 09403719095/ 02027357795 : ravindrahdpatil@yahoo.co.in/ rutushree@rediffmail.com 
MAINTENANCE, PROJECT, PRODUCTION & TECHNICAL PROFESSIONAL 
Offering over 23 Years+ of experience 
PROFILE & STRENGTHS 
A performance driven professional with over 23 years of experience in Project Management, Maintenance, Production Management, Process Enhancement, Vendor Development, Budgeting, HSE and Team 
Management 
Sound exposure in execution of Greenfield & Brownfield Projects, Capacity Enhancement Projects, Debottlenecking Projects, Captive Shutdowns, Maintenance & Production activities in different sector Industries 
Formulate & establish strategies to achieve 100% availability of plants by streamlining the plant maintenance & production activities Dexterity in mobilizing and judiciously managing resources with structured inputs in the domains of production planning, designing, scheduling and monitoring to ensure smooth production operations within defined time/cost parameters. 
Adept at implementing planned and preventive maintenance practices to minimize downtime and losses; efficient in failure analysis while ensuring application of best maintenance practices. 
Demonstrated ability to manage human, financial and material resources towards the achievement of stated targets/ objectives, to plan and manage work programme and to lead, motivate and provide effective guidance to a team of professional and support staff. 
Excellent time management skills with proven ability to work accurately and quickly prioritize, coordinate and consolidate tasks; resilient with a high level of personal integrity and energy experience. 
Core Competencies 
Automotive Operations Maintenance Tool/Spare Management Erection & Commissioning Statistical Process Control Training & Development EMS & OHSAS Documentation Liaison & Coordination Project Planning & Management 
Project Planning: Conceptualising the detailed project reports; project execution programme after thorough discussion with clients / consultants & Technological Suppliers, site selection, and project evaluation in terms of outlays & profits attached. 
Cost Planning: Ensuring that the tender amount is close to the first estimate or that any likely difference between the two is anticipated and that the money available for the projects is allocated consciously and economically to the various components and finishes. 
Budgeting: Preparing contract budgets & ensuring that the same is not exceeded. 
Scheduling: Planning, scheduling, procurement of Equipments and works - Preparation of Tender document, MR, tendering, evaluation of both commercial and technical parts of the tender, placing order, stage monitoring etc. 
Project Procurement: Steering strategic sourcing through identification of cost effective vendors/suppliers for procurement with an aim of reducing cost while improving quality & reliability. 
Contract Management: Evaluating contractor s bids, commercial discussion & finalisation of contracts. Execution of EPC contracts as Engineer- in-charge. 
Man Management: Leading, mentoring & monitoring the performance of the team to ensure efficiency in process operations and meeting of individual & group targets. 
Erection, Commissioning and Operation /Maintenance: Erection of all electro-mechanical process plant equipment and commissioning of the plant. Post commissioning operational and maintenance of plant. 
Basic & detailed Engineering for Green field projects, brownfield projects and plant expansion activities. 
Design, Planning & finalization of Electrical Distribution System, Process Flow sheets, Basic Engineering. Preparation & review of Drawings in Co-ordination with Design consultants. 
Ensuring that Technical requirements are adequately captured & documented. 
Commercial Support: Budget estimation, Preparing BOQ, Techno commercial evaluation of all quotes, procurement, orders of the Contractors & equipment s suppliers. 
Coordination with other departments for smooth working & execution of project. 
Ensuring effective site management and discipline to ensure safe execution of the projects Evaluating project, present cost / benefit analysis at project decision points. 
Coordinating all project review meetings for tracking project progress & cost. 
Manufacturing Engineering: Developing new process concepts for manufacturing optimization, improvement & develop guidelines for sequencing of manufacturing activities. 
Responsible for Lean manufacturing implementation including cell manufacturing, line balancing, Andon and visual management initiatives. Providing manufacturing decision-making information by calculating production, labour, and material costs, reviewing production schedules, and estimating future requirement. 
Improving productivity, quality, cost, delivery, safety and morale by applying the manufacturing excellence concepts namely Benchmarking, Process standardization, TPM, Six sigma, etc. 
Strategic Planning: Developing and leading development of annual plan which delivers key revenue target; managing all manufacturing operations department budget, staff, protocols, disciplines and processes. 
Developing strategic plan by studying technological / financial opportunities and recommending objectives. 
Responsible for capacity planning & factory master plan development & implementation. 
Strategies & Policies Alignment: Maintaining continuous alignment of business operations scope with strategic business objectives, and providing recommendations to modify & enhancing effectiveness toward business result or strategic intent. 
Product Development: Leading the process design and development of new products; drawing & design review, feasibility assessment for manufacturing as well conducting detail technical review with client s to optimize the process & cost. Undertaking process & RM cost calculation & preparing cost estimates. 
Rejection Management: Achieving minimum rejection through rejection analysis on daily basis and judiciously deploying the resources to optimize yield and achieve production targets within defined time and cost parameters Quality Assurance & Control: Monitoring and ensuring quality work which complies well with safety norms; maintaining first-level quality assurance to confirm work within discipline and in accordance with the plans, specifications and industry standards. Maintaining all the ISO documentation as per day to day activity as well as working with quality department to assure that all process are in control. 
Process Enhancement: Executing modifications to ensure manufacture of products as per specifications & quality attributes in line with customer's needs and expectations. 
Customer Relationship Management: Managing the implementation of best practices in all relevant business functions ensuring fulfillment of business requirements while delivering quality service to clients in line with the service level agreements and the company vision, mission and strategy; reviewing customer commitments with production staff to assure top quality & on time delivery. 
Technical Leadership: Playing a key role in performing engineering investigations, studies and other testing to develop suggestions for process improvements, cost reductions, and/or quality improvements on existing technologies & products. 
Team Management: Mentoring & monitoring the performance of the team members to ensure efficiency in process operations and meeting of individual & group targets; providing training to employees to enhance process efficiency; working with HR Dept. to establish reasonable labors resources. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Feb 13 to Jan 17 with Tata Consulting Engineers Limited, 247 Park, LBS Marg, Vikroli, Mumbai 
Deputy General Manager Mechanical Feb 13 to Jan 16 TATA Steel s Greenfield Project, Integrated Steel Plant, Kalinganagar, Orissa 
Jan 16 to Jan 17 TATA Steel s Greenfield Project, Ferro Chrome Project, Gopalpur, Orissa 
Key Result Areas: 
Design coordination of Engineering packages executed by TCE at TATA Steel, Kalinganagar. 
Commissioning assistance at TATA Steel, Gopalpur 
Highlights: TATA Steel s Greenfield Project, Kalinganagar, Orissa 
Successfully involved in the design coordination of the project which got completed, wherein overcame the challenge through coordination with cable tunnel network. 
Design Engineering packages executed by TCE at TATA Steel got completed except phase II. 
TATA Steel s Ferro Chrome Project, Gopalpur, Orissa 
Completed Cold Commissioning Sep 09 to Jan 13 with Jindal Steel & Power Limited, Angul, Orissa 
Deputy General Manager Coal Washery (Greenfield project of Integrated Steel Plant along with 810 MW 
Captive Power Plant & Coal Mines) 
Key Result Areas: 
Executed 6.5 million ton/year Coal Washery 
Oct 03 to Sep 09 with ISPAT Industries Limited Dolvi, Raigad, Maharashtra Manager - Projects (3.6 MTPA Integrated Steel Plant) 
Key Result Areas: 
Executed Steel Melt Shop Projects along with other assignments of HSM, LCP, Sinter Plant, Oxygen Plant 
o Dealt with execution of Greenfield & Brownfield Projects, De-bottlenecking Projects, Shutdown / up-gradation Projects, Maintenance & Handover 
Highlights: 
Carried out: 
o Played a stellar role in execution / erection & commissioning of: 
Phase II Electric Arc Furnace (EAF) - 02 Nos. Auxiliaries of Lime Calcinations Plant 
De-dusting ducting work of Sinter Plant 100 TPD Oxygen Plant (Re installation) Side Lance to increase 28-30 heats per day; achieved average 36 heats per day (Max. 44 Heats) Trials of scrap buckets (02 nos.) to fed into furnace without disturbing the furnace operations as to meet increased production & reduce production cost o Efficiently dealt with: 
Modification of existing Phase I Electric Arc Furnace (EAF) combustion chamber modification work 
Electric Arc Furnace (EAF Phase I) 137 MVA furnace transformer replacement activities 
Re-erection of cross-country conveyor gantry structure on railway track 
PREVIOUS WORK EXPERIENCE 
Oct 94 to Oct 03 with Sterlite Industries (India) Limited, Karanjawane, Pune and Sterlite Optical Technologies Limited, Silvassa, Dadra and Nagar Haveli (Union Territory) 
Last designated as Assistant Manager - Production 
Growth Path: 
Oct 94 to Aug 02 Senior Engineer Maintenance 
Nov 02 to Oct 03 Assistant Manager - Production 
Highlights: 
As Assistant Manager-Production Acknowledged for controlling scrap percentage for Aluminium Alloy and Aluminium to: 
o 1 % of total Aluminium Alloy consumption from 1.5 % of total Aluminium Alloy consumption o 0.4 % of total Aluminium consumption from 0.5 % of total Aluminium consumption Holds the distinction of increasing Tubular 1 & 4 productivity by increasing loading bobbin capacity 90 Kg & 70 Kg from 70 Kg & 55 Kg respectively Efficiently increased 7 Stranding conductor plant capacities from 2400 Km per month to 2725 Km per month 
As Senior Engineer Maintenance: 
Played a stellar role in reducing downtime of total plant by 12 % 
Showed distinctive ability by increasing capacity by 12% (3.8 LCKM to 4.25 LCKM) by new layout after reorientations. Ensured effective execution of capacity expansion projects executed for 4.25 LCKM to 5 LCKM 
Efficiently worked as a key member for implementation of SAP R/3 
Demonstrated excellence by implementing Plant Maintenance module (Domain) Apr 94 to Oct 94 with Standard Batteries Limited, Mumbai as Graduate Engineer Trainee - Projects 
Nov 93 to Apr 94 with Chronous Richardson (I) Pvt. Ltd., Mahim, Mumbai as Sales Executive 
ACADEMIC & PROFESSIONAL CREDENTIALS 
1993 B E in Mechanical from Rajaram Bapu Institute of Technology, Sakharale / Shivaji University, Kolhapur 
Computer Proficiency 
MS Office, Excel, Power point & Functional Software 
Trainings Other Activities 
Leadership Development Programme (LAP III) at Tata Consulting Engineers Limited 
Development Centre at Jindal Steel and Power Limited 
Date of Birth: 
2nd June, 1971 
Languages Known: English, Hindi and Marathi 
Location Preference: Pune/ Mumbai/ Maharashtra/ Gujarat/ Western India/ India 
