ANKIT PRADHAN 
Cell No: - 09560406456E-mail:- ankit_prdhn@yahoo.co.inAddress: S 38, 3rd Floor, Param Puri, Uttam Nagar, New Delhi 110059 
Objective: - Seeking a challenging position, where I can contribute my skills and utilize my experience to become a valuable asset to the organization, which also provides me opportunities for professional growth. 
Professional Synopsis: - Competent, diligent and result oriented professional with an experience of over 8 years. 
3.6 years of professional experience as a L1 Technical Support in various organizations. 
5 years of inbound/outbound calling experience in B.P.Os. 
I have positive attitude towards any task assigned to me, also posses strong troubleshooting, interpersonal and customer handling skills. 
Work Experience (Tech. Support): - 
Organization: Ogilvy & Mather Pvt. Ltd. (Feb-2016 to Present)Profile: Sr. Support Engineer Projects: GBM (Global Budget Management) 
NDP 
(Neo Data Platform) Job Responsibilities: (GBM) Provide application support through Emails. 
Take ownership of all the issues / bug / requests, raised by the client rightfrom the inception till the closure. 
Manage communication with the development and QA teams to ensurebetter product delivery. 
Timely auditing re-assigned cases to improve the team performance. 
Follow 
Incident Management process when an application or server isdown to ensure the business continuity. 
Follow up with the relevant teams and keep updating the stakeholders. 
Jon Responsibilities: (NDP) Monitoring jobs on a daily basis and report the job failure to the team. 
Create,update and share the daily/weekly reports. 
Handling client escalations and interact with the teams to provide the necessary feedback. 
Organization: Accenture Services Pvt. Ltd. 
(Dec-2014 - Jun-2015) Profile: IT Operations AssociateProject: HILTONJob Responsibilities: 
Provide desktop and application support to the client, which includes support for Front desk, Housekeeping, Inventory, Accounts Receivable etc. 
Installation, de-installation of applications and various issues related to Email configuration, Internet troubleshooting, mapping the network drives,join a computer in domain, re-image a computer, Win XP, Win 7 OS support. 
Monitoring server performance and restart services if it is down 
Interacting with the business resolver groups for second level issue resolutions. 
Organization: IBM INDIA Pvt. Ltd. (Mar-2013 - Dec-2014)Profile: Sr. Technical SupportProject: PANASONIC / HEALTHNET (POOLED ACCOUNT)Job Responsibilities: 
Provide L1 Desktop support to the client. 
Troubleshoot on the issues related to Internet, VPN, Drives mapping, Emails. 
Reset password for Workstations and various applications used by them. 
Provide access to new users,also enable/disable/delete user accounts through Active Directory. 
Identify the issues and assigned it to the relevant resolver groups. 
Work Experience (B.P.O.): - 
Organization: Convergys Pvt. Ltd. (Sep-2011 Mar-2013)Profile: Sr. Customer Service RepresentativeProject: Orange Telecom (U.K. based)Job Responsibilities: 
Provide support to the all the orange customers over phone. 
Register the new PAYM contract phones. 
Handle customer queries related to handset faults or mobile connections. 
Interacting with other resolver groups for further resolution. 
Organization: Oracle Financial Services B.P.O. (Apr-2008 Sep-2011)Profile: Process Associate (Outbound Process)Project: Suntrust / American Home Mortgage Services Inc.Job Responsibilities: 
Contact Insurance companies and their agents to get the current policy status and update the information in the system. 
Distribute the work-sheet in the team on the weekly basis. 
Creating and publishing daily/weekly reports. 
Providing training sessions to the new agents. 
Conducting team huddles and share daily/weekly updates. 
Education: - B.Sc. (IT) from NIIT affiliated from Kuvempu University, Karnataka (2007) ANIIT: 2 Year Diploma in Software Engineering from NIIT Ltd. 
Completed Higher Secondary from M.P.Board with 59% in 2004. 
Completed High School from M.P.Board with 73% in 2001. 
Personal Traits: - Capable of handling pressure Quick learning & decision making ability Strong communication & interpersonal skills Adaptable in any environment 
Personal Details: - Father s name: Ajit PradhanDate of Birth: 24 April 1986Marital Status: MarriedLanguages: English, HindiPermanent Address: Pradhan Bhawan, Near Kailash Talkies, Lashkar Gwalior474001 (M.P.) 
Affirmation: - I hereby declare that the information provided above is true to the best of myknowledge and I will perform my best to achieve the goals of the organization. 
Date:Place: 
Ankit Pradhan 
