 Shilpi Gupta 
Mobile No. +91-8447557408 
Email Id- Shilpi.1092@gmail.com A Brief Overview 
A dynamic professional ready to associate with an organization that can provide the platform to prove acumen and secretarial skills in the corporate arena and thereby synchronizing personal goals with organizational goals; To learn with every opportunity to perform and contribute towards organizational growth; Experience Details 
July 30 2015 to April 20, 2017 - Worked with InterGlobe Group in the Corporate Secretarial Team as Company Secretary of IGT Solutions Private Limited. 
Worked with Parsvnath Developers Limited as Management Trainee for 15 months i.e. from February 01, 2014 to April 30, 2015. 
Areas of Work Experience 
Assisted in Initial Public Offer (IPO) of InterGlobe Aviation Limited; Handled Due Diligence Exercise of one of the group companies; Independently handled ISIN connectivity with NSDL and Demat of 20 group companies; Assisted in Voluntary Winding up of one of the group companies; 
Drafting and preparation of agenda, notices, minute books, resolutions; Assisting in various audits viz. secretarial audits and internal audits; Alteration of Memorandum & Articles of Association (including name change, change in objects, increase in authorized capital, adopting new set of Articles); Active role in finalization, preparation and maintenance of statutory registers, various forms and other documents as required under the Companies Act, 2013; Preparation of annual report, annual returns, board report and other related documents; Transfer of shares in demat mode; Filled Annual Return on Foreign Assets and Liabilities under FEMA guidelines; Handled Compliances related to Listed Debentures; Assisted in completing modification in Import Export Code; Assisted in obtaining Director Identification Number (DIN) and DSC; Prepared various checklists and comparative analysis on Insider Trading Policy, New Listing 
Regulation vs Old Listing Agreement and Secretarial Standard-2; Assisted in completing compliances of various foreign companies of the Group; Independently handled change in liquidator of one of the company under voluntary winding up; Filled and Filed various E-Forms including Annual Filing under the Companies Act, 2013 with Registrar of Companies, NCT of Delhi & Haryana; and Assisting in various projects involving Merger, Due diligence etc. 
Educational Qualifications 
An Associate Member of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India (Membership No. : A40210, Year of Membership- 2015). 
B.Com (Hons.) from University of Delhi in 2013. 
Computer Skills 
Working Knowledge of MS-office. 
Familiar with the MCA portal and websites of other authorities like RBI, SEBI, etc. 
Adobe Acrobat. 
Hobbies 
Listening Music, Watching Movies, Playing Games and Travelling. 
Place: Delhi 
Shilpi Gupta 
