 Mousumi Baruah 
Textile Designer (Prints and Graphics) 
Objective 
An organization where I can unravel my potentials; where creativity and ideas are encouraged; where work and fun go- together; where sense of achievement is present and where I can satisfy my urge for excellence. 
Professional Qualification 
Diploma in Textile Designing and Textile Printing 2004 International Polytechnic for Women, New Delhi DOEACC 
A level 
2004 
E-Commerce 2002 Pentasoft Technological Ltd, Kolkata. 
Computer Proficiency 
Proficient in Adobe Illustrator with expertise in Adobe Photoshop, Image Ready and Corel Draw 
Work Experience 1. Mousumi Creations 
Since February 2010 Entrepreneur cum Textile Designer 
Responsibilities 
Textile designing in prints using Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, making different patterns and technique of Tie dye, Embroidery motif and patterns Development of various kinds of print according to Theme, Mood & Colour Palette. 
Hand painted Kurtas and Sarees on made to order basis. 
Develop new print and pattern for each collection. 
Setting the repeats & color separation for all the developments & develop color ways. 
Manufacturing Ladieswear and selling through various eCommerce site Manage complete P&L for the business. Sourcing of Fabrics from various markets in Delhi, Ludhiana, Jaipur. 
2. 
W , TCNS Clothing Pvt. Ltd, New Delhi. 
Nov 11, 2009 to Jan 11, 2010 Trainee Designer (Apparel)/ Product Developer 
Responsibilities 
Work with Design Director to create distinctive concepts for every range. Be an active participant in the Season 
Kick-Off, Concept Review and Concept meetings. 
Email ID: mousumi.baruah@rediffmail.com, mousumi.creations@gmail.com 
Phone No.: +91 9717043357 
Linkedin: http://www.linkedin.com/in/mousumibaruah 
Behance: https://www.behance.net/mousumicre9da8 Research magazines, trend reports and the websites for new print and pattern direction and interpret to fit the brand positioning statement. 
Present mood boards/ forecast boards/ color boards and textile direction boards every collection. 
Range presentation on computer using designing software (Adobe Illustrator CS3 and Photoshop and Corel 
Draw). 
Develop new print and pattern for each collection. 
Setting the repeats & color separation for all the developments & develop color ways. 
Work closely with stylists on new development of fabric bases and embroidery techniques. 
Approve strike-offs of artwork and production prints. 
Ensure the textile design process meets the calendar deadlines. 
Attend the Sample Review and Line Close meetings to present sample artwork and recap any changes in artwork direction. 
Worked on Indo-western tops/bottoms, stoles/shawls, and structured wear along with textile designs for print. 
3. Freelancer 
May 2007 to November 2009 
Creating designs in Adobe Illustrator for Printing. 
Conceptualising the complete range of Home Furnishings/accessories sets as per the theme for various parties. 
4. Silver Cord, Gurgaon, New Delhi. 
Senior Textile Designer cum Merchandiser 
May 2004 to May 2006 Creating of the color palette and forecast for the specific season. 
Creating the complete range of Home Furnishings/ Christmas items/ hard goods/ accessories sets as per the theme. 
Getting embroideries, prints, labels developed for the specific season. 
Developing samples according to the seasons and giving fits approvals. 
Maintaining Tech Packs (issue sheet, graded specs, technical sheet, proto comment sheet, trims, fabric lots, Test reports of fabrics, embroideries, color ways, khaka's). 
Procurement of imported as well as local fabric. 
Working on the embroideries and prints according to the season. 
Maintaining a weekly status report on the above mentioned activities 
Buyers Handled: 
Buyer Home Furnishings: Aldic, Lamlee, Lowes, Damdeco 
Items: Quilt, Cushion Cover, Decorative Cushions, Table Cover, Runner, Placemat, Curtain, Tree Skirts, Stockings, Christmas Ornaments. 
Buyer Hard goods: Hallmark 
Items: Desktop items, Gift items, Bags, Mirrors, Photo Frames, Box, Napkin Ring, Tassels, Buttons 
Pre Qualification Experience 
1. NCS, ITC (India) Pvt. Ltd. Guwahati 
Sept 2000 to Feb 2001 
Instructor Impart training to students on C, C++, and FoxPro etc. Hardware and software troubleshooting. 
Designing Website and web page. 
Education Qualification 
Qualification Year University / Board Division / Class 
B.A (Mathematics) 1999 Dibrugarh University II 
H.S.S.L.C. 1995 Assam Higher Secondary Education Council, Guwahati II 
H.S.L.C. 
1993 Board of Secondary Education, Assam II 
Other Proficiency 
Designing Sketching (Outdoor, Still Life) Printing Technology 
Tie and Dye on Cotton Fabric and Siphon Fabric 
Batik on Cotton 
Marble Printing 
Block Printing 
Screen Creating and Screen Printing 
Hand Printing with Pigment Dyes. 
IT Skills 
Environment: DOS, WINDOWS 95/98/2000 and WINDOWS NT (Administration), Linux 
Application Software: MS-Office-98/2000, Adobe Photoshop, ImageReady, Illustrator CS3, Flash, Front Page, VID, Corel Draw. 
Language: C, C++, JAVA 
Scripting language: 
VB Script, Java Script. 
Other: Networking, DBMS, MIS. 
Personal Information 
Date of Birth: 21 st 
April 1977 
Husband s Name: 
Mr. P Baruah 
Marital Status: Married and blessed with a daughter 
Interests: Painting, Listening to Music, Surfing Internet 
Language Known: English, Hindi, Assamese and Bengali. 
Phone (Alternate): 011 28084276 
Address: C-005, Pragjyotishpur Apts, Plot 7, Sec 10, Dwarka, New Delhi 110075 
Date: 
Place : 
(Mousumi Baruah) 
