Nasir Husain 464 Khadarwala, Khalapar, Muzaffarnagar, UP 251002 
Mail: - nasirilahi.ilahi2@yahoo.com LinkedIn Profile: - https://in.linkedin.com/in/nasir-husain-6340a9107 GitHub: - https://github.com/Nasirilahi 
Mobile: +918585926261 
A highly motivated, dedicated and skilled software developer seeking challenging roles and assignments in a reputed organization in the field of software and development that will allow me to utilize my technical expertise, experience and excellent soft skills to the best of my abilities. 
Degree/Course Institution Year of Passing Percentage / Grade 
MCA Jamia Millia Islamia 2016 8.51(Distinction) 
Organization Designation Duration 
Daffodil Software Ltd Junior Associate IT Jan 2016 - till date 
Role :- React & React Native Developer 
PROJECT DETAILS 
PROJECT : 1 Title : Clinico Mobile App 
Description 
: A mobile app developed in to React native for both Android and iOS as well. 
This app provide details of all doctors registered in this app from different - 2 hospitals like about their specialty etc. This application helps to book appointment for patients. It was part of react native learning and it was also developed as a show-case application of the company. 
Role : React Native Developer 
Team Size : 
PROJECT : 2 2 
Title : People Pet Link( PPL) 
Description 
: This was a web application that create social platform for people pet animals. 
Here people can talk about their pets, Can share their memorable pics videos with other people all over the world. This was part of my internship in daffodil and also a major project in MCA. 
Role : MEAN Stack Developer 
Team Size : 
PROJECT : 3 2 
Title : Medical Information System 
Description 
: This is an application that helps to keep track of information about medicines of a medical store like sales, purchase and stock availability 
Role : C# Developer 
Team Size 
: 2 OBJECTIVE ACADEMIC DETAILS 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
PROJECT : 4 Title : Opinion-Feature extraction for sentiment analysis 
Description : A project to perform word level sentiment analysis. I did this project as minor project in Master. 
Role : Java Developer 
Team Size : 
PROJECT : 5 2 
Title : Driver Manifest 
Description : A mobile application developed in to react native for Android and iOS both platform. This application is mainly developed to keep track of buses driver and passengers. What is route of the bus from source to destination and where bus exactly is tracking by its gealocation? How many passengers will board and devoured on a particular bus stop. .It was kind of MVP that client want to see how an application if different from applications developed in to native languages 
Duration : 2 months 
Role : React Native developer Team Size 
: 2 PROJECT: 6 
Title 
: Reachify 
Description 
: This project was part of my client side duration. This was a mobile application developed in to react native only for iOS platform. It is modern communication platform to help company customers, collaborate with your team, control your communications, and elevate your business. Whether it's your phone, email, text, chat or even social media. So mainly Reachify support Omni channel office communication. 
Duration : 2 Months 
Role : React Native developer Team Size 
: 2 PROJECT: 7 
Title : Voot 
Description 
: This project was part of my client side duration. Voot was launched by Viacom 18. It is available as an app for apple, Android and also a website for desktop consumption. However their website was quite responsive but they need a mobile view application so this application was developed in to ReactJS for mobile view. 
Duration : 2 months 
Role : React Developer 
Team Size : 4 SKILLS 
C, C++, JAVA, J2EE(Servlet, JSP, JPA, Struts), MEAN Stack, ReactJS, React Native 
INDUSTRIAL EXPOSURE 
Implanted Training at : Six months training in core and Advance Java from Ducat Noida sector 16 CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
Second Runner up in IT Quiz in Jamia Millia Islamia. 
Last Runner up in Computer Quiz event in CompuNomics'15 fest in Jamia Millia Islamia 
Second Winner of E-Treasure Hunt( Technothon Fest) Third Runner up of E-Tambola 
STRENGTH 
Flexible & Adaptable , Quick Learner, Self-Motivated, Responsible, Goal Oriented 
HOBBIES 
Table Tennis, Basketball, Listening Music, Collecting Old Coins 
I hereby declare that above mentioned information is true to the best of my knowledge and I will discharge my duties to the best of my ability and satisfaction of my official superiors. 
Date : -. - 
Place : New Delhi 
DECLARATION 
