Keerthana Kannan 
http://www.keerthana.tk Senior Web UI / Front End / Designer & Developer +91 98947 01620 
Ticketgoose.com Pvt. Ltd. keerthanakannan.k@gmail.com Objective: 
Aspiring for a promising and motivating career as a hybrid resource as Senior Web UI / Front 
End Designer & Developer in an organization where in my skills, knowledge, and spirit of teamwork would be assets. 
Where I can utilize my Four years & Six months of experience in commercial environment of Web Graphic Designing, Creative Visual Designing & Coding skills in order to benefit the clients. 
Professional Experience: 
Working as a Senior Web UI / Front End Designer & Developer at Ticketgoose.com Pvt. 
Ltd. September 2015 to Present. 
Worked as a Web UI / Front End Designer & Developer at WPC Pvt. Ltd. February 2013 to September 2015. 
Personal Skills: Excellent communication, interpersonal and presentation skills. 
Creativity and style. 
Proficiency in business know-how. Ability to perform under pressure which has helped me earns the respect of my clients. 
Excellent leadership qualities. 
Up to date with advances in computer technology and how this affects the business environment Adaptable and able to pick up new techniques 
Technical Skills: 
Industry Domain: Corporate Functions, BFS 
Languages: HTML, HTML 5, CSS2, CSS3, JavaScript, jQuery, RWD Technologies. 
Softwares : 
Adobe Photoshop CC 
Adobe Dreamweaver CC 
Adobe Illustrator CC 
MS Power Point 
Corel Draw X8 
Responsive Web Designing 
Mobile / Web Application Layouts 
Areas of Expertise: 
Web Designing 
Visual Designing 
UI Graphic Designing 
Suggesting UX Concepts 
Mobile 
App UI Designing 
Website Theme and Layout Designing 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Create Web Visual designs that effectively communicate product functions and enhance the user experience, including the design and production of screen layouts, User interface elements, and visual communications. 
Providing the User Interface visual designs across platforms (Web/Desktop), understand a client's brand and products. 
Creative design and design editing (refinement) of graphics charts, graphs, diagrams, illustrations, icon/banner/photo art, other imagery for variety of electronic "assets": 
presentations, proposals, sales guides, education materials, etc. 
Designing Wireframes for Websites. 
Participating in products ideation and conceptual development. 
Teaching and assisting teammates and supporting departmental initiatives as needed Demonstrating artistic capabilities while adhering to standards and guidelines (such as Branding, Design, Photography, Logo Usage, Partner Content, Accessibility, translation). 
Developing Client Presentation collaterals/assets in standard .PPT format Working closely with a cross-functional team consisting of Engineering, Product management, and design teams. 
Collaborating with internal project managers, writers/editors and subject matter experts to develop and drive innovative solutions for design projects. 
Understanding Accessibility guidelines and leading effort to ensure accessibility of documents produced. 
Providing Responsive Layout for Web pages, Fully functional with Different Devices like smartphones, tab s and etc., Developing Websites with cross browser support. 
Senior Web/Desktop UI Designing @ Ticketgoose.com Pvt. Ltd.: 
#1 Duration: 
Till Date 
Designs 
Working For 
Ticketgoose.com Pvt. Ltd. 
Description Responsible for RWD Website UI / Visual Designs, Mobile App UI / Concept Creation, Corporate Executive Presentations, Branding. 
Web / UI Screens 
Responsible for Web UI / Mobile App UI designing & development for the top most travel Legends like Vivegam, Parveen, Hebron & TAT with latest technology like RWD. 
Mobile App / UI 
Wire-framing UX and Designing UI for the effective usage of the services provided by ticketgoose.com with cutting edge UI techniques and implementing them with the Mobile APP. 
Point Of Sales Visual Ads 
Creating marketing web mailers that are responsible for sales promotion. Designed multiple HTML Canvas Advertisements for POS using advanced technology, with innovation and creativity that supports social media marketing namely FB and other promotional events. 
Campaign Designs 
Responsible in creating campaign concepts and to deliver UI designs for multiple clients. Visual designs with UI/UX are created and are implemented with Banners, Posters and other creatives. 
Corporate Presentations 
Designed corporate presentations for business pitching and sales activities, responsible for creativity and style in UI mockups and branding. 
Tools Used Adobe Photoshop CC, Corel Draw X8 Languages HTML 5 and CSS 3, Java script, jQuery etc 
Web/Desktop UI Designing @ WPC: 
#1 Duration: 3 Months 
Designs 
Worked For 
Commercial Bank Citibank Inc. 
Description Citi Commercial Bank deals with Banking and Financial Services of Citibank Inc. 
Responsible for end to end Visual Designs & Front End Designs for all creative under Citibank including Mailers, HTML Editable Emailer 
Designs& Posters. Designed adaptive, interactive, & easy to use interfaces using latest technologies say HTML, CSS. Designed user centric themes using various UI techniques to make it more user- friendly & hassle free. 
Tools Used Adobe Photoshop CS6, Corel Draw X6, Ulead Photo Impact, Image conversion tools etc 
#2 Duration: 4 Months 
Designs 
Worked For 
Citi Wealth Advisors Citibank Inc. 
Description Citi Wealth Advisors is a retail business unit of Citigroup Global 
Markets Pvt. Ltd. 
Responsible for wireframe, Visual design, and Front-End designing. 
Developed innovative, adaptive, interactive & easy to use interfaces using web technologies. 
Tools Used Adobe Photoshop CS6, Corel Draw X6, Ulead Photo Impact, Image conversion tools etc #3 Duration: Jan 2015 Designs Working For 
Citigold / Citi Private Client - Citibank Inc. 
Description The Citigold and Citi Private Client are privileged services of Citibank Inc. Responsible for Visual Designs, Corporate Executive Presentations, Branding. 
Citi Gold LinkedIn Campaign Web / UI Screens 
Designed Visuals for the Citigold - LinkedIn with extended CSS3 animations with information orientation feature. External Video 
Embedding is implemented as an added advantage. 
Facebook / Book My Show / Yatra / Make My trip Web / UI 
Web banners to attract more customers by creating interactive visual designs to display on different social media with SMM Support and 
Implementing it with Animations. 
Point Of Sales Citibank Inc 
Point-of-Purchase advertising is a category in Marketing communication specialized for sales promotion to attract shoppers. 
Designed Visual Designs for POS in using the latest technology, with creativity that overcomes the latest design standards. 
Citi Campaign Designs 
Creative Campaign Visual Designs for campaigns conducted by 
Citibank Inc. Visual Designs are given as Inserts, Roasters, Artworks, Banners, Posters, and Physical Invites. E-mailers are also designed as e-Invite to the Clients and Customers. 
Voice of the Employee Visual Designs 
Designed the Visual design for the Citi Voice of the Employee Emailer, Which is updated monthly by the officials and to rate different teams under them. 
Tools Used Adobe Photoshop CS5, Corel Draw X6, Languages HTML 5 and CSS 
3, Java script, jQuery etc Projects & Live Samples: http://www.ticketgoose.com/ http://gng.ticketgoose.com/ https://www.parveentravels.com/parveen-travels/ http://snowsconstructions.com/ http://www.vivegam.in/ http://www.evacaybus.in/ https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.tg.goosestore 
Academic Qualification: 
Master of Computer Applications from PSG Group of Inst. [GR Govindarajulu School of Applied Computer Technology (Autonomous), Coimbatore], affiliated to Bharathiar 
University, April 2013 Percentage of marks: 70% aggregate, [First class]. Bachelor of Science (B.Sc. CS), from [Vivekananda College(Tirchengode)], affiliated to Periyar University, April 2010 Percentage of Marks: 62% [First Class] 
Certificates Gained: 
Web UI Designer / HTML 5 & CSS 3 Developer / RWD Technology at Besant 
Technologies, Chennai Certified Professional for HTML 5 and CSS 3. 
Participated in four day s Workshop in PHP, Certified by USIS Technologies conducted by GRGSACT held on October 2011. 
Personal Details: 
Date of Birth : 19-03-1990 
Sex : Female 
Nationality : Indian 
Address : No.1, Sri Maha Ladies Hostel, Narayanaswami Apartment, M.G. Road, Adayar Chennai - 600020 Languages : 
Tamil, English 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the above given particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and confidence. 
(Keerthana Kannan. K) 
