Anthony Julian Hitoshi Tamaribuchi 596 Valley St., SF, CA 94131 415-699-5592 
atamaribuchi@gmail.com 
WORK/VOLUNTEER HISTORY Thinking Beyond Borders, International Work / Study Abroad Program September April 2016 
International Development Studies focused on health, sustainable agriculture, and education. - Colegio Augusto Solorzano Hoyos (Ecuador), Volunteer TA 
Taught high school English classes, and assisted in lesson planning, grading, and tutoring. 
- Don Jiang Farms (Thailand), Volunteer Farmhand Practiced land management, crop harvesting, rice processing, and sold crops at local markets. - Nyive Health Center (Ghana), Volunteer Medical Aid Assisted with vaccine and minor operation preparation, patient check-ups, infant weight and growth measurements and charting. Jesse Schlesinger - Woodworker, Carpentry Assistant July September 2016 
Works included painting, basic framing, sanding, glazing, concrete pouring and other related basic skills. Subject-2-Change, Studio Assistant and Event Installer 
Summer 2015 Work included event preparation, installation and set-up. 
Fresh Air Bicycle, Bicycle Mechanic Apprentice 
October 2013 - April 2014 Volunteer apprentice in bicycle repair shop. Learned to tune and repair both mountain and road bikes. 
Midland Farms, Farm and ranch hand 
September 2011 June 2013 Worked with livestock (cattle, swine, chickens), and crops. 
Midland Kitchen, Industrial Kitchen Staff 
September 2011 June 2013 Food preparation, dishwashing, waiting. 
EDUCATION University of Puget Sound (Tacoma, WA) 
Expected graduation June 2019 
Major in Geology. Courses taken: calculus 1, geology 101, mineralogy and petrology, Spanish 2, Japanese religious traditions, freshman seminars. Other activities: member of the beekeeping club, built a hover board with the Puget Sound Mechanics Association, trained for a lumberjack competition. Drew High School (San Francisco, CA) 
2013-2015 
Graduated June 2015, 3.2 GPA. 
Activities & interests: member of Environmental Club, member of lacrosse team, member of Boys2Men (Men s group), founder Renewable Solar Energy Program (launched program to teach students about solar power, and train them to install solar panels at Drew school and as volunteer work/study in Nicaragua). SEASCape (Woodshole, MA) 
July-August 2014 Studied Marine Biology, Navigation and Oceanography at Woods Hole, MA. Collected and analyzed samples from the ocean. Conducted lab experiments. Midland School (Los Olivos, CA) 2011-2013 
Freshmen/Sophomore years at an off the grid combined boarding school and working farm and ranch. 
Clubs & achievements: Founded and led Midland Mountain Bike Club, received award for second place finish in Santa Barbara County Investment Stock competition two years in a row, member lacrosse team. 
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS: Works very well with hands and knows the outdoors Experience with hand and power tools 
Experience in trail, farm, and ranch management Proficiency in Spanish, reading, writing and communication Strong mathematical, analytical, and problem- solving skills (proficient in Word and Excel) 
SPECIAL INTERESTS Geology, Marine Biology, Paleontology, Archaeology, Mountain Biking, Martial Arts, Backpacking, Reading 
