 RAGHAVENDRA H.V. Asst. Manager Sales and Marketing 
Mobile: 9845456293 
E-mail: raghuflashdvg@gmail.com 
Seeking Assignments in FMCG / Telecom/ Business Development / Retail Sales / Product Management 
Commercial Operations with a reputed organisation. 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
A result-oriented professional with over 8+ years of sales experience in FMCG, Telecom, Industrial. 
A keen planner & implementer with demonstrated abilities in accomplishing business growth on a consistent basis. 
Possess successful stint incorporate sales with high-end technical selling, sales budgeting, sales promotion, business development, customer care and commercial functions in a challenging business environment. 
In-depth understanding of business processes and structured methodologies. 
Proven skills in managing teams to work in synchronisation with the corporate parameters & motivating them to achieving business and individual goals. 
Significant experience in the management of the business operations, execution of business plans for achieving profit targets and general administrative tasks. 
An effective communicator with excellent interpersonal & relationship management skills. 
Functional: 
FMCG Sales 
Telecom Team Management 
Customer Acquisition Commercial Operation Revenue Enhancement Business Development 
Key Account Management Product Management 
Marketing Intelligence 
New Area Development Product Launches 
Chanel Management Sales Promotion Retail Sales 
CORE COMPETENCIES 
Business Development 
Identifying and developing new streams for long-term revenue growth and maintaining relationships with customers to achieve repeat/referral business. 
Conducting competitor analysis by keeping abreast of market trends and competitor moves to achieve market share metrics. 
Formulating monthly / annual goals & develop business / operational plans for the achievement of these goals Evolving strategies and activities to achieve desired business objective and implement recognition campaigns for enhancing motivation. 
Channel Management Identifying and network with financially strong and reliable channel partners, resulting in deeper market penetration and improved market share. 
Monitoring channel sales & marketing activities; implementing effective strategies to maximise sales & accomplish revenue & collection targets. 
Providing assistance to distributors by conducting training programs; ensuring seamless delivery of products & services in the market. 
Evaluating performance of distributor s sales & marketing activities. 
Client Servicing 
Attending to clients (dealers) concerns and complaints; understanding steps to effectively resolve them. 
Interacting with the customers to gather their feedback regarding the products utilities. 
CAREER GRAPH 
WORK EXPERIENCE: 
Current Job: Working for ISR Ltd (The India Sugars & Refineries Ltd.) since January 2015 
Designation: Asst. Manager. 
Sales and Marketing. 
Nature of Work 
New Customer acquisition & managing existing Customers portfolio. 
Providing Samples for acquisition of New Customers. 
Monitoring Dispatches & preparing Gate Passes. 
Responsible for monitoring supplier rejections & implementation of corrective action. 
Government Liasoning. ( Returns Filing on Stock & Sales 
Fortnightly, Monthly & Annually for 
Sugar, Loose Baggasse & Molasses in relevant Government Departments. 
Marketing & Other Sales Promotional Activities. 
Preparing Daywise, Partywise & Monthwise Sales Reports of the Customers. 
Expertise in managing Retail Channels in order to derive the required market share, revenue and profit of the organisation. 
Previous Job 1: Worked for RR Steels (RukminiRama Steel Rollings Pvt, Ltd.) from April 2011 to Dec 2014 
Designation: Asst Manager. - Sales and Marketing 
Monitoring Dispatches & preparing Gate Passes. 
Preparing Invoices, E-Sugam & Maintaining Sales Registers. 
Preparing Lab Reports, Sales Statements & Maintaining Banking correspondence etc. 
Marketing & Other sales promotional activities. 
Preparing Daywise, Partywise & Monthwise Sales reports of the Customers. 
Previous Job 2: AIRTEL for Davanagere (Rural) from April 2009 to Mar 2011 Designation: 
Territory Sales Executive 
Products Handled 
Sims cards & Currencies Nature of Work 
Looking after Sales and Distribution. Responsible for achievement - Sales Targets. 
Ensure optimum market penetration. Identify & Create opportunities for revenue enhancement. Ensuring sufficient infrastructure of distribution in terms of Investment, back office support and sales staff. Maintain visibility in terms of POP usage and on shop signage Training & development of Sales Executives 
Previous Job 3: Worked for more than 2 years (April 2005 to Mar 2007) for D.V. Janardhana Setty & Sons, Davanagere 
Designation: 
Office Manager 
Nature of Work 
Incharge of managing 16 SE s, 6 office staffs, 7 delivery boys & Drivers. 
Allocating Routes to the SE s towards business promotions Inventory management, Sales Order Processing, MIS. 
Banking correspondence, Fund Management, Cash Flow Management. 
System Management, Sampling, Advertisements, & Other sales promotional activities. 
ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS 
Master of Business Administration (MBA) with a specialisation in HR & Marketing from Sikkim 
Manipal University, in the year 2009 Bachelor of Commerce (B.Com) from Kuvempu University, in the year 2001 Project undergone in MBA: Consumer and Retailer attitudes towards Kissan Products in Davanagere city Computer Skills 
Operating Systems : MS-Dos, Windows xp 
Software Packages : 
MS-Office PERSONAL DETAILS 
Date of Birth : 16th February 1980. 
Languages : English, Hindi, Kannada & Telugu. 
No. of Dependents : 3 Members 
Hobbies : Reading Newspaper, Solve Puzzles etc. 
Address : RAGHAVENDRA H.V. C/o P. Lakshminarayan Setty, Advocate 
Devi Nagar 2nd Cross, 12th Ward, Chittawadigi, Behind Galemma Temple, 
HOSPET 583211. Bellary Dist. 
Date: Place: 
(RAGHAVENDRA HV) 
