 Banumathi M 
Cell: 08807414185 
E-Mail: banumathikmurugan@gmail.com 
OBJECTIVE 
A challenging and growth oriented position in a progressive company, where I contribute to the organization's success with my financial expertise & through my innovative ideas and desire to achieve excellence. 
RESUME SUMMARY 
Company: M/s. SYSTEM CONTROL. Since July 2012 - At present. 
Over 4.9 years of experience in 
PROCUREMENT AND TENDERING ENGG in HT Switchgear 
Manufacturing Company. 
Generating Purchase Ordes for Vaccum Circuit Breakers resources. Maintaining All 
Procurement & Tendering Documents both hard and soft copy. 
Preparing BOM and offer upto 33KV HT Switchgear field as per customer necessity. 
Expertise in developing vendors, reducing the cost of procurement of material and Interaction with the competitive suppliers to get the most favourable commercial terms. 
Identify and evaluate items constituting an increase or decrease to the Scopes of Work. 
Vendor evaluation and Vendor registration. 
Regular Follow-up with customers/Suppliers prior to and after the receipt of orders. 
Review of Tendering documents & SINGLE LINE DIAGRAM, Technical specification for commercial and technical estimation. 
Consistent and active follow up with clients to update the status for the offer quoted and to persuade the client to book the order. 
Good understanding of Electrical Drawings. 
Building table of purchase materials & Tender document submission. 
Find the e-tenders in government portal as well private concern (i.e. NLC, IOCL, CPCL, TANGEDCO, TANTRANSCO, IIT, and IOF) with the use of Digital Key. 
Responsible Preparation & Execution of purchase order and sending the same to suppliers and sub-contractors. 
Maintaining good bond with important customers as well as suppliers. 
Expertise in E-Procurement online bid Submission. 
Well knowledge about 
Supply chain management system . 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Manages the purchasing /procurement process from sourcing suppliers/Vendors to delivery and after service in timely and cost effective manner. 
Preparing BOM's and forwarding it to relevant suppliers/agents to obtain Quotations. 
Expertise in Vacuum Circuit Breakers and its control and metering panel. 
Good knowledge regarding commercial terms and conditions. 
Setting up the weekly, monthly and quarterly procurement plan. Developing reports on procurement and usage of material for top management. 
Oversees financial activates of Inventory, Purchase Orders, invoices, billing etc. 
Planning and budgeting of purchase functions, involving cost estimation, contract negotiations. 
Effective management of vendor database Timely clearance of payments & handling vendor inquiries&classification of vendors on the basis of criteria like cost, quality, timely delivery etc. 
Development of alternative local sources for imported raw materials which helps in cost saving. 
Execution and monitoring of all regular purchasing duties. 
Evaluating vendors & negotiating the price, delivery schedule, terms and conditions while liaising with the higher authorities of the company, ensuring statutory and company compliances. 
Co-ordinating with production team to meet customer priorities and Development of new components with the suppliers and experienced in Localization of Components. 
Managing logistics functions, negotiating with transporters & clearing agents for cost effective transport solutions & clearances. Liasoning with local authorities & ensure preparation of all papers/documents. 
Ensure competent quality execution of all regular purchasing duties and administrative works. 
Responsible for the preparation and process purchase orders and documents in accordance with company policies and procedures. 
ACHIVEMENTS 
Manage Purchasing Department in absence of Purchasing Manager for 8 months, and handled the ongoing projects successfully. 
Successfully submitted many tenders/offers and catched purchase orders in state/ central government and private requirementes (ie. TNEB, NLC, Southern Railway). 
Saved more than 15 lacks in the year 2015-16 cost on purchase of material by arranging the material from other circle / branch. 
Cost Reduction by almost 5% -7% by developing new vendors and renegotiating the prices. 
Reduced number of vendors by consolidating services. 
Make Effective independent decisions, and coordinate all day- to -day functions. 
Ability to maintain together procurement division as well tendering division. 
Implementation the concept of banking for fast moving spares & consumables and hence reduced Inventory, Lead Time & Stock out situations. 
Prioritise tasks and establish schedules to maintain uniform workload among Purchasing 
Department employees. 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Academic Chronicle : BE-EEE (2007-2011) with 83% at AVIT chennai. 
Date of Birth : Apr.26.1989. 
Father s Name : Murugaiah.K 
Mother s Name : Kalavathi.M 
Gender : Female 
Marital Status : Unmarried 
Languages Known : English and Tamil. 
Strengths : Comprehensive problem solving abilities, Ability to deal with People diplomatically & Good Leadership Qualities & Hard worker 
Permanent Address : 3/100 Mainroad, velayuthapuram, Poigai Post, NellaiDist -627856. 
DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that the above information is correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Place: Chennai (Tamilnadu) Signature 
Date: 
(Banumathi.M) 
