 Deepika 
Address House No 
81/5 H Block Shivaji Park, New Delhi. 
Mobile: 91 7038566466 
E mail: deepika.handa89@gmail.com 
I am a professional with 6+ years of experience across industries like Education, IT, Real Estate & Advertising 
I have had the pleasure of making significant contributions to the brand equity of Company, maintaining close liaison with estimating and commercial departments, 
Coordination of bid/tender process with design and preparation of tender/bid presentations, 
I am responsible for the preparation and submission of pre qualification questionnaires. 
Overall responsibility for proof reading of literature/bid submissions & do undertake internal marketing/sales reporting to senior management and group board. 
I have been building the go to market strategy and plans for 
a particular industry, currently aligned to educationsector. 
Professional 
Objective 
To acquire a challenging position in the professional organization where, I can enhance my skills and strengths in conjunction with company s goals and objectives. 
Academic Qualification 
BSC(IT) from Vinyaka Mission University 
Three Year Diploma in Information Technology from State Board of Technical Education, Haryana Matriculation from CBSE. 
Experience 
Name of Organization: Visionet Info Solution Pvt. Ltd. , New Delhi (Oct 24th, 2012 till Present) 
Designation: Manager Tendering / Marketing 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Filing govt. tenders of department of education of various states both offline & online. 
Liasoning with govt. departments. 
Design, preparation and submission of expressions of interest, pre qualification questionnaires, tender documents and tender presentations. 
Coordination of tender / EOI / BOQ copy from external bid team consultants 
Undertake internal marketing / sales reporting to senior management and group board. 
Reporting directly to the Director . 
Mailing the proposal and quotation to the interested clients. 
Handling the team of sales executive in head office & regional offices (via mail & telephone). 
Keeping the track of the sales team. 
To be responsible for pro forma invoices to customers as required. 
To solve problems by liaising with the other staff and the customer. 
Other tasks to support the business plan as and when required including working extra hours if required to ensure company business objectives are met. 
Achievements: Successfully bring clients from TEQIP Colleges (World Bank Funded Colleges). 
Company name listed in TEQIP PMSS portal. 
Generated highest revenue in the 2013 14, 14 15 & 15 16 F.Y. 
Achieved maximum no. of govt. tenders in education sector. 
Name of Organization: Genee Solutions India (P) Ltd. , Udyog Vihar Gurgaon, (June 22nd , 2011 to July, 2012) 
Designation: Sr. Internal Sales Consultant 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Reporting directly to the VP of Sales & Marketing of the company for Sale of product. 
Calling clients according to the data provided by the company and explaining the client about our services/products (Interactive Board , Auto Response Systems, Visualiser Etc ). 
Handling the team of sales executive. 
Providing D.C. M for external sales consultants. 
To meet customers in company premises to discuss their requirements. 
To solve problems by liaising with the other staff and the customer. 
Name of Organization: Initiative Technologies (P) Ltd., Udyog Vihar, Gurgaon 
(Jan 4th , 2011 to 8th June , 2011) 
Designation: Sr. Telecaller Roles and Responsibilities: 
Reporting to the V.P Sales of the company for Sale of advertisement. 
Calling clients according to the data provided by the company and explaining the client about our services (Website Development , SEO , SMO). 
Mailing the proposal and rate card to the interested clients. 
Providing D.C.R for sales executive. 
Name of Organization: Nutech Constructions Pvt. Ltd, Gurgaon. (July15th 2008 to 
09th Dec 2010) 
Designation: Sales Coordinator & Executive 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Reporting directly to the Director of the company for Sale of project. 
Calling clients according to the data provided by the company and explaining the client about our Latest 
Projects etc. 
Mailing the proposal and rate card to the interested clients. 
Mailing weekly report to my immediate manager. 
Strength 
Ability to lead & a good team member. 
Excellent ability to understand and analyze the client requirements. 
Enthusiastic, Hardworking, well organized. 
Able to meet deadlines self starter. 
Able to work with others, and willing to contribute to team. 
Personal Details 
Father s Name : 
Lt. Sh. Varinder Kumar 
D.O.B 
: April 01, 1989 Marital Status : 
Married 
Nationality : 
Indian 
Languages Known 
: 
English, Hindi, Punjabi 
Gender : 
Female 
Deepika Place: Delhi 
