 L. Prakash Reddy 
Flat No.204, Janajeeva Apartments, 6th-F Cross,Kaggadasapura, C.V Ramannagar, 
Bangalore -560093. 
Mobile No.: 9845759501 E-mail Id: lprakashreddy@rediffmail.com, lprakashreddy@gmail.com 
Objective: Seeking challenging assignments in Procurement/Production Planning/Project coordination/Material Management/Supply Chain with a growth oriented organisation. 
Professional Profile: Over 25 years of gross functional experience in Procurement/Production 
Planning/Materials Management of a varied variety of Telecommunications /Defense Products and 7 years of teaching experience. 
At present working in ELDAAS Technologies Pvt Ltd as Head-Purchase procurement of electronics and mechanical production and R&D projects. 
Worked in Noble Aerospace Pvt Ltd as General Manager-Business Development for 
Aerospace mechanical and electronic items. 
Worked in Kripa Telecom as Assistant General Manager Business Development for Telecom products for mobile operators like Airtel, Aircel, BSNL, Reliance communication, MTS, Huawei ,ZTE,Vodafone,Idea. 
Worked in Alpha Design Technologies Pvt Ltd as Additional General Manager (MM) for procurement of Electronics and mechanical materials for Production and R&D projects like 
FAC, RADAR, ULSB-MKT-III, TISK offsets, TIFCS, RF microwave and optoelectronics. 
Worked in Tata InfoTech Ltd as Project coordinator with Purchase activities. 
Proven abilities to enhance the production process operations optimize resource & capacity utilization; escalate productivity & operational efficiencies; while curtailing the costs/ expenses. 
Efficiently handled materials procurement in projects like STM, DWDM, HDSL, DLC, Hand 
Held Terminals and various projects in telecommunication products in UTL Company. 
Successfully involved in handling GSWAN, APSWAN, OLTP, RAX 128 PORT, RAX 256,ISDN,EPBX,64KBPS,2MB,MODEMS,FRFC,SBM-XL,AN_RAX,MAX-XL,MARR-systems, 2GHZ ,POLNET projects in UTL company. 
Organizational Experience 
Oct 15 to Till date ELDAAS Technologies Pvt Ltd Head-Purchase 
Aug 15 to Sept 15 Noble Aerospace Pvt Ltd General Manager-Business 
Development 
Nov 14 to July 15 Kripa Telecom Assistant General Manager- 
Business Development 
Jan 06 to Sept 14 Alpha Design Technologies 
Pvt Ltd 
Additional General Manager (Material Management) 
Feb 05 to Jan 06 Tata InfoTech Ltd Project Coordinator 
Aug 04 to Feb 05 Associated Telecom Products Marketing Manager 
Feb 94 to Jul 04 
United Telecoms Ltd Asst. Manager- Materials Plg. /Purchase 
Aug 92 to Jan 94 
Karnataka Telecoms Ltd Engg.Trainee in QA & Testing 
Aug 87 to Jun 92 
GND Polytechnic HOD 
E&C Dept 
Oct 85 to Aug 87 SSTJ Polytechnic HOD-Industrial 
Electronics Dept 
Key Areas of Expertise & Exposure 
Project: Project monitoring and review of project schedule, ensuring cost control within budget, planning for cash flow requirements etc. 
Actively involved in costing of tender / Card Level and Consolidated Costing analysis, finalizing bid prices in close coordination with the senior management. 
Actively involved in preparing bill of materials for different projects. 
Coordination with technical lead for various technical data s required for the project as needed. 
Coordination with vendors for the materials required for the project. 
Taking care of the all kinds of logistics for imports and exports. 
Production Planning and Control/Operations: 
Overseeing production related tasks including planning, control and troubleshooting. 
Ensuring smooth production with proper material planning. 
Ensuring the achievement of desired inventory levels set by the management Setting up production targets and achieving the planned production targets. 
Effective resource planning for optimizing man and machine utilization for enhancing productivity. 
Materials Management/ Vendor Development/Supply Chain: 
Designing, implementing, and monitoring effective procurement schedules (through material & assembly cards) based on, establishing the quality & quantity limits for effective inventory control. 
Scrutinizing of incoming materials ensuring strict adherence to quality parameters.Ensuring quality of the final product in compliance with ISO/AS standards. 
Identifying and developing a dedicated vendor base for achieving cost effective purchases of raw materials and reduction in delivery time. 
Assessment of the performance of the vendors based on various criteria such as price competitiveness (BOM), acceptance percentage, timely delivery, etc. 
Efficiently handled the supply chain and incoming goods, including their storage. 
Teaching: 
Tutoring & giving lectures to students of Electronics & Communication. 
Guiding & mentoring Industrial /Electronics and Communications Students in executing various projects of the institute. 
Preparing presentations/audio visuals aids for delivering lectures in an effective manner. 
Consultancy, Research and handling other administrative responsibilities. 
Significant Accomplishments 
Procured electromechanical materials for many defense projects for Ministry Of Defense (MOD) and various defense companies abroad as offset projects. 
POLNET PROJECT, which deals with police network in India, was one of major procurement of materials activities carried by me. 
Handled Procurement of materials for APSWAN, GSWAN, GSM projects in AP, KERALA, GUJARAT, BIHAR, and PATNA. 
Telecom & Networking Projects handled: GSWAN,APSWAN,OLTP,RAX 128 PORT,RAX 256,ISDN,EPBX,64KBPS,2MB MODEMS,FRFC,SBM-XL,AN_RAX,MAX-XL,MARR 2/15UHF,MARR 4/36UHF,TDMA,GSM,(Ericsson & Motorola).STM, DWDM, HDSL, DLC, Hand Held Terminals. 
Trainings Attended ISO 9001 & ISO 2000 Training by KPMG. 
Internal Auditor Training Course in AS9100 Rev C by BUREAU VERITAS. 
Workshop on role of participating in supply chain Management conducted by Indian 
Institute of materials management. 
Customer Satisfaction Measurement by Centre for Electronics & Test Engineering. 
Card Assembly, RAX Testing, Quality Assurance, and Telecommunication equipment for a period of 18 Months from Karnataka Telecoms Ltd., Bangalore. 
In-house training given by Motorola & Ericsson on GSM in United Telecoms Ltd, Bangalore, India. 
Working with ERP/SAP for material management process. 
IT Proficiency 
Operating System : MS-Dos, MS-Windows 7,10 
Packages : MS-Office,Excel,PowerPoint,Knowledge about SAP and ERP models 
Academic Credentials 
B.E (Electronics & Communications) from Gulbarga University, Gulbarga, Karnataka in the year 1985. 
Date of Birth: 04/04/1960 
Languages Known 
: English, Hindi, Kannada, Telugu, and Marathi. 
