 Barnali Gulati 650, First Floor 
Block - A 
Ansal s Palam Vihar 
Gurgaon, Haryana 
INDIA 
Contact: +91 9911585833 / 9911900119 
Mail to: barnali.gulati@gmail.com 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE GLOBALNOV PVT. LTD. (Gurgaon) 
Human Resource Manager (21st March 2016 - till date) 
Area of Expertise 1. HR policy execution 2. End to end recruitment through job portals like Naukri 3. To ensure timely recruitment of required level 4. Training and Development 5. Induction of new joiners 6. Focusing on Employee retention 7. Screening,Shortlisting and Interviewing 8. MIS Report generation and making walking tracker about employee 9. Responsible for overall HR Admin functions 10. To handover offer letter,appointment letter,relieving etc.. 11. Interacting with the clients when required 12. Employee engagement activities 
NAVIGANT TECHNOLOGIES (Gurgaon) 
Human Resource Executive (May 2015 - 3rd Mar 2016) 
Job Profile 1. Managing complete recruitment cycle for sourcing the best talent from sources after identification of manpower requirements from the respective department heads. 
2. Sourcing resources from the Naukri portal as required. 
3. Receiving and reviewing applications, managing and scheduling interviews. 
4. Salary negotiation 5. Assisting candidates to complete pre-employment formalities. 
6. Conducting induction sessions. 
7. Verifying all the documents submitted by the new joinees at the time of joining as per company policies. 
8. Tracking and managing recruitment pipeline and deliver as per agreed. 
9. Maintaining and tracking recruitment and new employees database. 10. Motivating agents through fun activities every Friday and rewarding every participant. 
ART GALLERY (Export house)GANESHA Business Developer cum Merchandiser- (Fashion Accessories) August 2011 till september 2013. 
ALL SAINTS 
About the Organization 
AllSaints Spitalfields is a British High Street Retailer owned by a British Greek, which produces clothing aimed towards a younger niche. It sells menswear, womenswear, children's clothing, accessories and small home decorative furnishings. Allsaints has over 70 stores in the UK and abroad 
MERCHANDISER (Fashion Accessories) September 2010 till March 2011 (Leather and non-Leather products for Men & Women Bags, Belts, etc and fake jewelries, Scarves, Gloves ) 
REDCATS INDIA PVT. LTD. (From August 2004 to December 2009) 
About the Organization 
In Fashion and Home furnishings, Redcats group federates around a common business line, Home Shopping, 15 brands with strong identities, leaders in their respective markets: La Redoute, La Maison de Valerie, Vertbaudet, Somewhere, Cyrillus, Daxon, Ellos, Avenue, Jessica London, Woman Within, Roaman s, Kingsize, Brylane home, the Sportsman s guide, The Golf Warehouse 
Active in 29 different countries, Redcats Group has some thirty catalogues, more than 600 stores in France and internationally and over sixty e-commerce sites. 
Market Ranking Awards 
No. 2 seller Women s apparel in France 
No. 2 in Household linen in France 
France s leading Home Shopping brand 
First visited website in France (B to C, excluding services) 
MERCHANDISER (Shoes / Slippers, Accessories for Men & Women Bags, Belts, etc in Leather, fake jewelries, Scarves, Gloves ) 
Align vendors based on their individual strengths ensuring lesser lead times and minimizing late deliveries w/o tolerance 
Ensure price improvement in line with competition and by counter costing to give most competitive price. In particular, review best sellers and look at price reduction on those styles. Formulating T&A and production follow-up to ensure adherence and strictly monitoring progress and updating immediate supervisors on any potential delay Consistent vendor visits for early detection of issues and visiting factories fortnightly especially the problematic vendors and once per month for others. Give all approval on trims, bulk fabrics etc the same day to help vendors achieve delivery schedule. 
Review delivery performance of invoiced goods and on last day of every month to review reasons for delay and discuss with vendor improvements for future/repeat orders. 
Close review of catalogues to update supervisors on what can be offered which we are not doing currently. 
Offer and feed buyers with latest developments from vendors along with many digitals every season along with competitor activities. 
EDUCATION 
B.A Honors in Psychology from Sambhalpur University, D.A.V. College, Rourkela, Orissa 2002 COMPUTER PROFECIENCY 
Excellent hands and knowledge on MS-Office LANGUAGES KNOWN 
Written / Spoken Hindi & English 
Spoken Bengali & Oriya 
Reference: Available on request 
BARNALI GULATI Place: Delhi / NCR 
