Aadil Khan 
B-239, Nehru Nagar, Panipetch, Jaipur, Rajasthan. 
Email: aadilkhanlg@gmail.com 
Mobile: 07568261718 Date of Birth: 3rd March 1995 Career Objectives 
Seeking for a challenging career in Marketing and gaining experience in the field to utilize my organizational and marketing skills, in order to increase productivity of the organization. 
Skills Set 
Strong communication skills 
Team player 
Strong analytical skills 
Convincing ability Willingness to learn Strong interpersonal skills 
Passionate about my work. 
Hard working. 
Education Qualification 
MBA Marketing & Sales, Jaipuria Institute of Management, Jaipur 2015-17, 60% B. Com, Mahaveer College of commerce, Jaipur, 2015, 53% Higher Secondary Schooling, Tagore Public School,2012,50% Secondary Schooling, Tagore Public School,2010, CGPA 7.2 
Academic Project Undertaken 
Project: 
Market research and understanding the technological advancements of hospitality industry and promoting the product in Jaipur city Duration: 10 Weeks 
Organization: Sygnovate pvt. Ltd, Pune. 
Work Profile: 
Surveyed 112 hotels in Jaipur Region. 
Did promotional work of the product i.e. Hotexl Hotel management software. 
Other projects 
45 Days Live Project (Sale of payback cards) at Big Bazaar. 
30 Days Live Project (Sale of SBI credit cards) at Big Bazaar. 
25 Days Online and offline survey on 
Selection of Best Laptop Brand for Males in Jaipur city, by using AHP Model. 
Technical Skills 
MS Office Internet use for research purpose. 
Achievements 
Recognition for coordinating National Sports Meet and Annual Management Fest- Abhyudaya at Jaipuria, Jaipur in 2015 and 2016. 
Work Experience 
Company Name: Careers360- an education hub 
(Currently working since January 2017) Worked under operations department for first three months under Nopaperforms , sub- brand of Careers360. 
Worked under Brand marketing department in careers360 which includes branding of current products and collaborations. 
Worked directly under campaign manager for planning and execution of campaigns for increasing awareness of the brand and generating reviews on the portal by directly contacting with the students and college management. 
Trainings Undertaken 
On the Job training in the marketing department on Marketing strategy of the company. This includes the study of competitors marketing strategy also. 
On the Job training in Operation department on Team management . 
Core competencies Excellent communication and written skills. 
Profound knowledge in the areas of marketing and sales. 
Good interpersonal and organizational skills. 
Ability to communicate and handle clients. 
Co-Curricular Activities 
Participated in School Cricket tournaments in class 10th and 12th. 
Played in Inter-College Cricket Tournament for college in 2013. 
Participated in Fashion Show in Cultural Event of Jaipuria Institute of Management, Jaipur 2015. 
Participated in NFS, Cricket, Volleyball in JIMJ National Sports Meet -2015. 
Participated &Coordinated 
Paper Dance during Abhyudaya at Jaipuria Jaipur. 
Coordinated various sports during 4th National Sports Meet at Jaipuria Jaipur. 
Member of Back Office Committee 
Jaipuria Institute of Management, Jaipur. 
Hobbies 
Listening Music. 
Watching Movies. 
Playing Cricket. 
