 CHANDRA KUMAR. N 
Marketing | Business Analyst 
Professional with experience in marketing and business development in different industries from electronic good manufacturing to building material manufacturing. Seeking a position in your organization to utilize the best of my ability to achieve the company s goals. 
Master of International Marketing (2014) 
HULT INTERNATIONAL BUSINESS SCHOOL San Francisco, USA 
Industrial Engineering and Management, Bachelor of Engineering (2013) 
M. S. RAMAIAH INSTITUTE OF TECHNOLOGY Bangalore, India 
Marketing Strategy 
Digital Marketing; SEO PR and Brand Management Google Analytics 
Customer Acquisition 
Supply Chain Management 
FunderMax India Pvt. Ltd. (July 16 Dec 16) Asst. Regional Manager 
Working here, helped me to obtain the skills of co-ordination and management of clients and business partners. Prepared and presented, overall business opportunities in my region for market penetration along with measurable outcomes for achieving target- which helped me to gauge the understanding of business eco-system. Coordinating between the client and technical team and onsite support was best appreciated. Among the other tasks involved: 1) Digital Marketing and PR management, 2) Profiling and Management of prospect list, 3) Strategizing of lead generation and conversion. 
Advantech Industrial Computing Pvt. Ltd. (Jan 15 
Feb 
16) Marketing Executive 
Have being engaged in digital and traditional marketing, handled events and PR management for the firm. Analyzed business requirements and engaged in analysis of workflow process. Developed key strategy for market penetration and generated sales leads for the sales team to achieve the target. 
Presented the below to the management: 
1) Strategized on developing business specifications to meet clients and partner s needs. 
2) Collaboration of groups with-in the firm to ensure business and technical alignment. 
2) Identifying and development of new accounts. 
3) Strategizing and execution of digital marketing plan. 
Mobile: +91 9980595224 
E - Mail: chandra100n@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: http://linkd.in/1v6vCUC 
Education 
Proficiency Forte 
Professional Experience 
