ca.shubhankarjain@gmail.com Mob: +91 7799622763 SHUBHANKAR JAIN 
Chartered Accountant 
Contact: +91
7799622763 E-mail: 
ca.shubhankarjain@gmail.com 
OBJECTIVE 
To work in a challenging corporate environment so as to contribute significantly to the organization s objectives. 
To bring a dynamic portfolio of skills and to serve with positive attitude and efficiency so as to align self-development with organization s development. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Company: Sloyd Ventures (P) Ltd. 
October 2016 - till date 
Position: Finance Manager 
Key Responsibilities: 
Single point of contact for all financial transactions Monthly Tax compliances (VAT, CST, TDS, PT, etc.) 
Handling Department Correspondences 
Weekly and monthly reporting of performance of the Company 
Financial statements preparation and reporting as per Companies Act 2013 Review of financial position of the Company monthly Preparation of quarterly financial statements 
Reporting to management w.r.t budgets and variance analysis quarterly 
Dealing with vendors regarding agreement and pricing fixation Analysis of the MOP of various devices for online and B2B sales 
Firm: T.S. AJAI Chartered Accountants 
Aug 2015 - Sept 2016 
Position : Trainee Chartered Accountant 
Key Responsibilities: 
Consultancy in deciding taxability for various foreign income by DTAA 
Assisted in Transfer Pricing Audit & Tax Audit. 
Assisted in Scrutiny and appeal cases of various clients. 
Assisted in consolidation of Accounts & Audit report preparation Assisted in filing replies to various notices under IT Act 
Assisted in filing 15CA & 15CB forms for outward remittances ca.shubhankarjain@gmail.com Mob: +91 7799622763 
M/S Kumar & Giri Chartered Accountants 
June 2012 - Aug 2014 
Articleship 
Exposure in Statutory Audit & Internal Audits 
Finalised & Filed IT returns of various individuals, Firms & Companies. 
Filed TDS returns & also filed various ROC forms. 
Possessing knowledge in preparation and finalisation of books of accounts 
Well trained in XBRL (extensible business reporting language) 
Exposed to various types of audit for industries like energy, hotel, healthcare, food processing and fertiliser. 
KEY CLIENTS HANDLED 
Ambica Agarbathies & Aroma Limited(Statutory & Tax Audit) Mytrah Energy (India) Limited(Regulatory compliance & TP Study) Secunderabad Oils Limited(Statutory Audit) K.P.R fertilizers Ltd., Hyderabad & Koppal (Statutory Audit) Star Hospitals, Hyderabad (Internal & management Audit) Ohris Group of Hotels, Hyderabad (Tax Audit) Ocean Sparkle ltd., Hyderabad (Internal Audit) 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION CA Final 2015 ICAI 
B.Com (Honours) 2012 Sambalpur University 
Class XII 2009 Vikas Institutions, Vizag in 2009 Class X 2007 St. Anne s school, Titlagarh(Odisha) 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Date of Birth : 17th July, 1992 Parents Name 
: 
Mr. Santosh jain and Mrs. Sarita jain 
Languages Known : English, Hindi, Oriya & Marwari 
Hobbies : Playing and watching Cricket, Listening songs 
Address : 
Flat #303, Empika Homes, Road no. 29, Ayappa Society, Madhapur 
Hydrabad-500081 
