ANSHAD ALI MANAMKERIYIL Manamkeriyil House, Priya Nivas, Padakulam west, Kodungalloor, INDIA. 
+ 91 98462 5 77 55 
anshadalim@yahoo.com 
OBJECTIVE Seeking a permanent position in an administrative environment that would allow me to use my scholarly knowledge and previous experience while taking ownership of the work and growing professionally 
EDUCATION Master in Business Administration (Marketing) SHAKESPHEARE COLLEGE, LONDON .U.K. (July 2005-July2006) 
Organisational behaviour 
International business 
Strategic management business policy 
Management information systems 
Business ethics 
Strategic marketing 
Marketing research Diploma in Marketing from FORBES COLLEGE .LONDON.U.K 
(April 2003- May 2005) Global price management 
International marketing 
Strategic role of marketing 
Management studies 
Marketing mix distribution 
Team work in theory and practice Marketing communication in global market Public sector management People environment studies Business laws Bachelors in Business Administration (Sales, Marketing & Product Management) 
UNIVERSITY OF MADRAS INDIA (June 1998- June 2001) Business law 
Marketing management 
Marketing research 
Business economics Business environment 
Financial management and accounting Operation research 
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS 
Background in customer-oriented service operations and business development, Including sales, marketing, promotions and cost control. 
Experience in marketing communications. 
Maintain positive relations with staff and customers in high-volume, fast-paced Operations. 
Proven ability to handle currency and financial transactions accurately; Excellent customer service skills Qualified first aider Western Educated. 
Member in MARKET RESERCH SOCIETY. U.K 
EXPERIENCE 
The operations centre. U.K. (Part-Time) 
Market research interviewer 
July 2003 - May 2004 
The job is to interview people according to the client needs about there products, with certain criteria of age, gender, socio-economic status etc.reserch analysis I am still a member of market research society U.K and still do some research works for the company as part time. 
Sainsbury s, U.K. Department manager (Ambient). April 2004 October 2006 
I started in Sainsbury s Orpington as a replenishment assistant Worked in that position till May 2005, then I got promoted as shift manager, then again to a department manager, reporting to store manager my duties include, responsible for the duty operations, managing the whole ambient area, maintaining stock loses, ordering new stocks scheduling staff for every week, , serving the customers, Giving on the job training to new colleagues, co-ordinating holidays, promotions of products, responsible for plinth changes customer services. Allocating holidays. Take corrective action when targets are not met for store, Identifying training needs & development of skills sets for my team of managers, Maintain quality standards for service delivery, Store Appearance & Cleanliness,Visual Merchandising ,Manage administration changes & requirements Store Appearance &Cleanliness,Visual 
Merchandising,etc 
WAFRA, Abu Dhabi ,U A E 
November 2006- 0ctober 2007 
Business Development Manager 
Wafra technical equipments is a company which is a sole distributor of atmospheric water generates manufactured by hendrx corp. U S .my role in there is to lead a team of business development executives, making new clients, i.e. finding new customers, meeting clients, making business proposals, 
execute them, daily and weekly sales meetings, supervising call centre people, Undertaking customer satisfaction research to identify customer s experience of service. To respond to input from customers and support managers (complaints, praise and concerns) to help us identify better ways of providing the service. Determining quick-fixes to put immediate issues right. Identify root causes of issues and put forward proposals to the management team for improving the system and service to ensure that a longer tem solution is provided, Presenting to management team each month on headline stats and analysis with recommendations for changes. Working with Support Managers to determine what is and isn t working reporting to the general manager. 
UniEstate. R.A.K. U.A.E. 
February 2008- January 2009 Business Development Manager. 
UniEstate is a real estate Development company under Union Group of Companies based in Ras Al Khaima. My duties in there re to find out a feasible and profitable real estate/infrastructure project for the company, manage it by following MS project Schedule by coordinating different departments inside the organisation as well as the Governmental agencies .Managing the time frame is the main duty. Ensure optimum performance in all operational areas of the project that is assigned to me. Improve and develop all the activities of the project. Prepare MS project schedules, pre-feasibility report. And also improve the public image of the company. Maintain records & check reporting formats for accuracy & timeliness, P&L responsibility of the identified project/ area of operation Buildinggulf. R.A.K. U.A.E 
February 2009- March 2012 Business Development Manager 
Building gulf is a Holding Company owned by one of the ruling family member in Ras Al Khaima, UAE .As it s a new subsidiary formed by the family member of my previous employer, 
My main responsibilities are, Responsible for identifying & setting up new businesses, Lead effective implementation of HO & Regional sales & marketing programs, take corrective action when targets are not met, P&L responsibility of the particular business/ area of operation. 
Madhyamam Daily , Kerala, India June 2012 July2015 
Marketing Manager Advertisements 
Madhyamam is a News Daily published from Kerala and the first news paper publishing from outside the country, owned by a trust, IPT and in the market share it holds No1 position in the Middle East and No3 in Kerala in terms of Circulation and Advertisements. 
My responsibilities are, the sale of advertisement spaces in daily and other medias,(weekly, digital, periodicals )across pan India with a monthly target, with a total team strength of 90 including Area Managers and Business 
Executives, accruing new clients in corporate, appointing retainers in different parts of the country, planning, designing and marketing of different products according to market, ATL and BTL activities, Marketing activities , Liaoning with Govt depts. etc. Included the tasks such as, Introduce systems, processes and controls to aid consistency and efficiently, Work closely with Team leads to create, plan and implement strategic initiatives across the department. Setting targets, Identify areas for improvements. Ensure achievable team and individual objectives and key performance indicators are set and monitored, Constant and regular review of processes and performance with focus on improving performance rating ,Regular reviews of procedures assuring new processes are documented, Responsible for meeting client deliverables with a high level of timeliness and accuracy, Identify business knowledge gaps and ensure everyone has ownership of deliverables, Constant and regular review of all reports, ensuring all issues have been resolved expediently, Develop and lead a team that is responsive to dynamic organisational and operational changes ,Cross functional co-ordination with Editorial, Operations and Finance, Improve the operational systems, processes and policies leading to Operational Excellence. 
Responsible for overall Performance Management and Talent Review process Major achievements in this job so far are, reached the highest amount in monthly sales in the twenty five year history of the organisation, acquired new clients such as Hero, Toyota, GM , Renault, Govt of Tamil Nadu, Honda , AIMA, introduced new matrimonial website for the firm etc. 
AD Faktor , Kerala, India 
August 2015 
Till Date 
AGM Marketing 
Ad Faktor is a marketing and promotion company formed by myself and another business partner and engaged in business of in film branding and promotion of movies such as digital, promotional events, television etc in liaison with different media or agencies 
My responsibilities to build a marketing team first and to acquire new projects from producers or movie houses to market and sale of in film possibilities such as scene integration , background branding, promotional branding and co promotion etc , Bhaskar the Rascal ( Malayalam and Tamil ), C/O Saira Bhanu, Avarude Raavukal , Fukri, Honey Bee 2, Captian etc are to name a few projects. 
Lenovo, CRAFT, Huawei ,MCR, Scot Wilson, Urban Kites, Watch World, Cosmos Sports etc are to name a few in the client side. 
MAJOR ACADEMIC ACTIVITIES Projects 
ISAS 
Seminar project presentation Application development using MS access Quality management Industrial training and project work. 
Economics 
Micro / macro economics Business economics Business environment. 
Business Administration 
Production and materials management 
Business law 
Business organisation 
Personnel management and industrial relations 
LANGUAGES 
Fluent in verbal and written English 
Fluent in verbal and written hindi Tamil 
Arabic 
Malayalam( native) SKILLS 
Computer skills 
Windows operating system XP , NT 98 Ms Office Research and analysis skills 
Policy and procedural analysis Recommendations and proposals 
Contracts co- ordinations./ Contract Management 
Client relations 
Disputes and negotiations Follow ups enhancement of customer satisfaction 
Handling unsatisfied customers Transaction Advisory Management 
Policy and procedural analysis 
Recommendation and proposals Contracts and procurement co ordination Human resources and payroll management Team supervision / Manpower partner management Energy Management Sales and marketing Notify customer s promotions and support plans 
Up selling and tracking of client purchase history 
Finding out new potential customers Knowledge on Marketing Spends (Event Management/Printing), 
