VINITH K 
110/1A,Bastin Nagar 5th street, Bethaniyapuram, Madurai-625016. 
Email: vinithk6@gmail.com 
Mobile: +91-8870616541 
Profile 
Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the industry that offers professional growth while being resourceful, innovative and flexible. 
Education 
Year of Passing 
Institution Qualification Percentage/CGPA 
2017 SRM University 
M.Tech (Embedded 
Systems Technologies) 
7.05 2015 
Sri Ramakrishna Institute of Technology 
B.E Electrical & Electronics 
Engineering 6.92 2011 
Vidyaa Vikas Boys Hr. Sec. 
School 12th Standard 87 2009 Ananth Memorial Matric Hr. 
Sec. School 
10th Standard 79.8 
Areas of interest Data Structures 
OOPS 
Real Time Systems 
Embedded Architecture 
FPGA 
Electrical Machines 
Computer Skills 
Operating systems Microsoft Windows, Ubuntu 
Programming Skills 
o Intermediate - C, C++ 
o Beginner - Java, Verilog, PHP, Python 
Softwares 
o Simulation - MATLAB, Energia, Keil, Vivado Design Suite, Xilinx PlanAhead ISE, Autocad o Office Suites - Microsoft Office and Libre Office. 
o Virtualization - Oracle VM VirtualBox. 
o Networking Basic knowledge in networking field. 
o Testing Selenium ( Beginner ) Project 
Project completed on an IVRS based Remote Control of Agricultural Pump set including turn on, turnoff, timer features and error reporting features such as low voltage and absence of 3- 
supply.(Project for Texas Instruments India Analog 
Design Contest 2015attended upto semifinal at IIT Madras) 
o Video link : https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=9ES4gOK0r80 Mini project completed on Home Automation using IR Remote Control which is to turn ON and OFF home applications such as light, fans, etc., by any kind of remote. 
Project completed on Dynamic Reconfiguration Using Cryptographic Primitives which is to reconfigure the device at run time and which is a useful application in reducing the number of cores and it helps in bulk production. And presented the paper in conference and published in International Journal of Intelligent Engineering and Systems (IJIES). 
Positions held and other activities Attended Enhanced Individual Effectiveness program as an Embedded Curriculum for a period of 6 months and certified by NIIT Limited. 
Helded the position of Secretary of Redressal Club EEE department at Sri 
Ramakrishna Institute of Technology. 
Actively involved in maintaining our class website www.sriteee.tk Went for a NSS Camp for two months in year of 2010 and 2013 at Coimbatore and Tiruchengode. 
Personal Profile 
Name 
Vinith K 
Date of Birth 06-07-1994 LinkedIn 
www.linkedin.com/in/winfredkvinith (VINITH K) 
