15/6/17 
Page 1 / 3 PERSONAL INFORMATION Swapnil Kohale Flat no 8, B1, Motiram Nagar, Warje, Pune (India) (+91) 976 417 1690 
skohale80@gmail.com 
Skype swapnilkumarkohale Date of birth 19 Jun 1984 | Nationality Indian WORK EXPERIENCE PERSONAL STATEMENT 
To work in challenging environment and be able to live up to the organizational expectations, set and foresee goals and result into new pedestals both for organizational and personal growth. 
Good analytical and communication skills. 
Managing the team of marketing executives. 
Result oriented: Ability to achieve target within given time. 
27 Sep 2012 12 Jun 2017 Deputy Manager - Sales 
Just Dial Limited, Pune (India) 
An astute & result oriented professional with 4.8 years of exhaustive field experience in business development, sales & marketing, product promotion and team management. 
Implementing sales promotion plans &new concepts to generate sales for achievement of targets. 
Meeting the new target customers and converting them into customers. 
Handle presentations, product demos and interaction with all key people and convince them implicitly, closing the case keeping all major aspects in front and increased sales growth. 
Managed team of 36 Just dial Ambassadors and led them to meet sales target. 
Responsible for retention of existing clients. 
Trained the new recruiters to enhance their efficiency & assist them to deliver quality services to clients. 
Developing new clients and negotiating with them for securing profitable business. 
Generating and preparing reports for tracking daily performance and submitting the same to the top management. 
Conducting frequent surveys among the customers regarding the requirements of products at present and estimating the requirements in the future. 
Conducted weekly team meetings and other key meetings to gain exposure to the business. 4.8 Years of experience in Team handling. 
Good experience in both B2C and B2B. 
17 Mar 2012 1 Aug 2012 Executive - Client Servicing IndiaMART, Nagpur (India) Roles & Responsibilities: 
To generate leads & identify decision makers within targeted leads and initiate the up selling process. 
To penetrate all targeted accounts and originate up-selling opportunities for the company's products and services. 
To set up and deliver sales presentations, product/service demonstrations on daily basis. 
15/6/17 
Page 2 / 3 EDUCATION AND TRAINING 
PERSONAL SKILLS Responsible for client retention, per client revenue optimisation& renewals. 
To ensure systematic follow-up with the client organisations to take the sales pitch to time-bound closure. 
To be an interface between the customer and internal support teams to ensure that the customer receives the best possible service from the company. 
To ensure that all payments are collected as per the company's payment terms. 
Ensure adherence to sales processes and requirements. 
Achievement of monthly, quarterly & yearly business plan. 
1 Jun 2011 1 Sep 2011 Intern Trainee 
Eureka Forbes Limited, Nagpur (India) Taking initiative in increasing sale through road show, exhibition, camp, visiting colleges, hospitals, corporate etc. 
Giving demonstration of products to the customer. 
To create goodwill about the organization its products and services in the market and among the customer. 
Communicate latest & revised schemes, policies, procedures & systems timely. 
To monitor and control delivery & installation. 
Initiate customer for Company's product Dr.AG/VC/Dr.AeG and let them know their benefit in our daily life. 
Aug 2010 Oct 2012 Master of Business Administration MBA ( Marketing & Information 
Technology ) 
Datta Meghe Institute of Management Studies, Nagpur (India) 
Aug 2007 May 2010 Bachelor of Computer Application BCA (Science) Sardar Patel College, Chandrapur (India) Feb 2005 Apr 2006 H.S.S.C. (Science) Maharashtra State Board of Secondary and Higher Secondary Education, Chandrapur (India) May 2003 Apr 2004 S.S.C. Mount Carmel Convent Higher Secondary School, Chandrapur (India) 
Mother tongue(s) Marathi ( mother Toungue) , English & Hindi 
Communication skills 
Good communication skills gained through my experience as sales manager. 
Efficient listening and understanding skills. 
Excellent contact skills with children gained through my experience as a volunteer during school programs held in my home town. 
15/6/17 
Page 3 / 3 Organisational / managerial skills Good leadership skills ( Managed a team of 36 members ) Good team building and leading skills gained during organizing sports events. 
Goal setting, meeting goals and keeping deadlines Team management Project management 
Problem solving Decision making Team leadership Teamwork 
Multitasking 
Strategic thinking and implementing strategy Job-related skills 
Entitled with 5 awards in a financial year for : 
Highest cleared collection in a year Best performer of the year 
Highest present man days Topper in more than 1 year grade 
Highest cleared collection in a month Distinction of tying up with clients like Tata Teleservices Maharashtra Ltd. 
Got maximum contracts and ECS clearance signed with customers in the year 2014. 
Awarded as the best Manager in Team bonding Activities thrice. 
