VANESSA N. PEDRAYES C/ Montblanc 8, 3-1, 08223 Terrassa, Espa a | Phone: 647 089 223 | vanessapedrayes@gmail.com Nationality: USA | DOB: 09/09/1991 | LinkedIn: http://lnkd.in/QeQ4Zb EDUCATION International TEFL Academy & INTESOL Worldwide (Online) 
Chicago, Illinois (USA) Nov. 2014 TEFL/TESOL Certification 
200+ hours in grammar, phonetics, lexis, writing, reading, speaking, listening, business professionals, young learners, etc. 
Florida International University Honor s College 
Miami, Florida (USA) Aug. 2014 Bachelor s degree in Business Administration and Political Science 
Major in International Business Honors: Magna Cum Laude, Dean s List, GPA: 3.85 / 4.0 WORK EXPERIENCE PepsiCo Talent Acquisition 
Barcelona, Spain Apr. 2016-present 
>Started as a trainee and then moved to coordinator in the Talent Acquisition department (HR) 
>Managing all stages of selection/recruitment process for South West Europe (Spain, Italy, Portugal) and other Business units in the ESSA sector. Coordination of interviews, events, pre-hire stage, hire stage, on boarding activities, budget management, etc. 
>Collaborate with HR regarding all new hire processes (contracts, SS, etc.) and other business functions to ensure positive selection 
Au-pair Barcelona, Spain Feb. 2015-Jun. 2015 >Lived with a Catalan family with 2 children ages 9 and 5 >Immersed in daily family life and culture and taught/spoke English with them TEFL Teacher Private teacher 
Barcelona, Spain Jan. 2015-Apr. 2016 >Give English lessons for individuals and groups of children ages 3-10, basic to intermediate level English >Civic Center English teacher for adults with intermediate level of English 
>Conversational English and/or more structured lessons 
>Material usually includes videos, pictures, audios, worksheets, etc. Sittercity 
Miami, Florida Jun. 2011-Dec. 2015 >Occasional baby sitter and tutor to children ages 3-16 in all academic subjects in English 
>Experience with foster children 
Heller Waldman P.L. Legal clerk 
Miami, Florida Jan. 2014-Jan. 2014 >Maintain administrative functions of the firm including scheduling, filing, and communications with legal entities >Support litigation team in all proceedings surrounding commercial, business, and estate cases 
>Monitor more than 50 active client files and assist in their trial preparation, review/draft pleadings, and conduct legal research >Improved teamwork skills while working with attorneys and clients to contribute to the firm s recent victory in a $21 million lawsuit against major hoteliers Royal Caribbean Cruises, Ltd. Contracts Administrator Miami, Florida Apr. 2013-Jun. 2013 
>Administered and processed more than 100 contracts daily pertaining to Accounting, Finance, IT, Legal, Marketing >Facilitated corporate compliance and access to contracts by efficiently updating contract repository >Strengthened interpersonal skills by serving as the liaison between departmental communications regarding contracts ARONFELD TRIAL LAWYERS Marketing intern Miami, Florida Jan. 2013-May 2013 >Enhanced firm s image and increased views to 16,000 by posting SEO-friendly content pertaining to legal subject matter via various social media outlets 
>Gained knowledge of cruise ship injuries, environmental issues, and non-profit legal opportunities through implementation of daily online blogging and legal article writing in English and Spanish 
>Promoted legal and social events that benefitted the law firm s reputation FLORIDA INTERNATIONAL UNIVERSITY: 
Miami, Florida Jun. 2011-Aug. 2012 INTERNATIONAL STUDENT & SCHOLAR SERVICES Student assistant 
>Represented FIU and its resources by serving as the first point of contact for incoming international students >Advised international students regarding travel laws, visa requirements and status compliance, under licensed supervision >Recommended new procedures to aid the transition for students; for example, coordinating orientations, information sessions, and social events 
SKILLS 
Applications and Software: Microsoft Office, Adobe Acrobat Pro, Lotus, Outlook, QuickBooks, Sage ACT!, 
Languages: Native in English and Spanish. Basic Catalan. ACTIVITIES Phi Alpha Lambda: Legal & Future Attorneys Fraternity 
Miami, Florida Jan. 2012-May 2014 Public relations committee and newsletter editor 
Alpha Xi Delta: Greek sorority Financial chair 
Miami, Florida Aug. 2011-Jan. 2012 
Responsible for planning annual budget, allocating funds for community service, and collecting monthly membership dues 
