Curriculum Vitae 
Kakuli Dey #126,12th A main, 5th cross, BTM 1st stage,bangalore-29 
Cell: +91-9901544748 
E-mail: kakulidey08@gmail.com 
Objective: To associate with an innovative and vibrant organization, this allows me to put my competencies to the best use, to add value to the organization and contributes to my overall growth as an individual. 
Personal Strength: Communication Skills, Confident & Positive Attitude 
Education Qualification: 
Name of Examination 
Year Marks Institute/University 
MBA (Finance) 2007 
71.00% Dayanand Sagar Business School Bangalore 
BA (Economics) 2005 53.00% IGNOU 
Computer Skills: MS Office & Internet 
Professional Training - As Management Trainee at Ajax Management Consultants Pvt. Ltd, 
Course: Advance Diploma in H R Management 
Location: Bangalore 
Work Experience 1). Company Name: Freecharge 
Location :Bangalore 
Designation:CS lead 
From 20 feb 2014 to 2nd may 2016 
Description: Leading customer success Team, Provide the good quality solution to Freecharge customers and I have contributed 100% towards the work assigned to me Responsible for providing assistance/ solutions to Freecharge customers,and also I was handling outsourcing / Internal team . 
2). Company Name: ANZ (Australia Newzeland Bank) 
Location: Bangalore 
Designation: Financial Analyst 
From July 2010 to April 2011 Project Commercial Cards Maintenance 
Description: We deals with Business cards, corporate cards and also visa purchasing cards, we help the customer with loading cards ,card limit changes ,closing the cards and also with other issues like name changes address changes etc. 
3). Company Name: TCS (Tata Consultancy Services) 
Location: Bangalore 
Designation: Process Associate 
From Sept 07-Dec 09 
Project Details: (A) Non-Tech. Support Global Help-Desk (Non Voice) of TCS (Sept 07 to Aug 09) Assignment and contribution: Provide the good quality solution for TCS associate and I have contributed 100% towards the work assigned to me Responsible for providing assistance/ solutions to TCS associates across the Globe by processing requests through Emails, Support tool (Lotus Note etc.) on issue related to HR policies, Payroll, Billing and Timesheet compliance. 
(B) CVDFK (UK Based Finance & Accounting Project) of TCS (Sept 09 to Nov 09) 
Description: Maintaining UK clients Personal Tax data. 
Achievements 
Best Performer Award from Tata Consultancy Services Ltd. 
Training Undertaken: 
Six SIGMA:I got training on six sigma (Quality Process) from Tata Consultancy Services. 
Scope of Six Sigma: As per the benefit of training we have to provide the good quality solution which satisfies all the desired queries specified by the user. This solution should meet all the quality standards followed by company Projects (Academic projects): 
Project name : Organizational Structure 
Organization : IDBI Bank Bangalore 
Team Size : 1 
Semester : 2nd 
Project name : Customer Satisfaction (Product-Home loan) 
Organization : ICICI Dream Homez Bangalore 
Team Size : 1 
Semester : 3rd Extra Curricular Activities: 
Music 
Traveling 
Surfing Net 
Personal Details: 
Fathers Name : Late Manik Chandra Dey 
Date of Birth : 03.01.1983 
Nationality : Indian 
Languages Know : English, Hindi & Bengali 
Declaration: I Hereby declare that the above furnished details are true with Proven records. 
Place: Bangalore 
Date: Signature 
