Page 1 of 2 BHAVYA PRABHA 
# 32/1, Sai Nilayam, Ramaswamy Layout,J.P Nagar 5 th 
Phase, Bangalore 560078. 
Phone: 9019233672 E-mail: bhavyaom@gmail.com 
Career Objective To succeed in an environment of growth and excellence and earn a job which provides me satisfaction and self-development and help me to achieve organizational goal. 
Personal & Education Details 
Date of Birth : 09 July 1987 
Marital Status : Single 
Education Qualification : BBM from R.V.Institute Bangalore University (2009 2012). 
Computer Knowledge : MS office & CRM 
Languages Known : English, Hindi, Kannada & Marathi 
Employment Summary 
April 2015 
Till Date Tesscorn Aerofluid Inc. Designation Customer service Manager & HR Manager. 
Compile and maintain customer information; purchase information; equipment detail; configuration, installation date (s), warranty coverage dates, AMC/renewal, visit schedules. 
Manages all commercial aspects of the service maintenance contract relationship with the customer Manages all expense matters of the travel & visit program of service engineer Functions as the single point-of-contact for service activities Informs on potential sales and product upgrade opportunities. 
Provides consolidated reports on all service related account activity Recruitment process at Tesscorn and assign roles and responsibility. 
Create Earnest money deposit (EMD) to the customer for tenders. 
Follow-up with supplier for Letter of Credit LC. 
July 2014 March 2015 
Job Responsibilities: 
Asha Kiran Enterprises Bangalore 
Designation: Admin Executive 
Briefing the new recruits about the company and communicating company products and services Training of new team members and ensuring readiness for service deliver. 
Allotting targets for the teams on weekly basis. 
Checking for late coming of employees and maintaining attendance. 
Keeping track of employee s performance & providing the reports of same to CEO on weekly basis. 
Serve as an escalation point for employee related issues and intervention as needed. 
Also handled certain disciplinary matters by counseling to the employees and advising them suitably. 
June 2013 June 2014 
Job Responsibilities: 
Touch Stone Enterprises Pvt. Ltd. 
Bangalore 
Designation: Associate Admin & Marketing Executive 
Analyzing and investigating price, demand and competition Presenting ideas and strategies 
Monitoring performance Assist team members with daily marketing tasks and coordinate marketing projects and Page 2 of 2 activities. 
Exploring customer opinions and resolving customer escalations Liaising and networking with a range of stakeholders including customers, colleagues, suppliers and partner organizations Liaising with designers and printers Maintaining and updating customer databases (Zoho - CRM) Tracked the special days including the birthdays, anniversaries, veterans etc, communicated the same across the organization as well. 
June 2012 - November 2012 
Job Responsibilities: 
BlueTiger Learning Services Pvt. Ltd. Bangalore 
Designation: Marketing Executive 
Involved in promotional activities 
Writing reports organizing events and product exhibitions Supported in preparing additional marketing communications such as flyers, brochures and exhibition-related projects. 
Counseling Students 
Document and track trainees performance 
Assist in placements 
Update potential contacts in CRM Database on regular basis 
I hereby declare that the above furnished details are true with proven records. 
Bhavya 
