Krati Verma 
Jr. HR/Admin Executive 
A company oriented HR professional committed to building and sustaining positive work culture where collaboration and team work is essential for attaining organizational goals. 
Cross-functional experience in broad range of HR functions including recruiting, staffing, reporting, greviances handling, performance evaluation and employee engagement activities. 
krativerma.04@gmail.com 7898500232 Indore 
www.linkedin.com/in/krati-verma-980b7ba0 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
05/2016 
Present 
Jr. HR/Admin Executive 
Rave Infosys Pvt. Ltd. 
Indore 
Responsibilities 
I have been involved in full cycle of hiring process. 
Yearly performance appraisals with co-ordination of higher management. 
Monthly employee engagement activities with fun games. 
Background verification of candidates offered. 
Training new joinees regarding HR policies and organization culture. 
Documentation of all documents provided by new employees. 
Addressing employee grievances and solving them in best possible way. 
Maintaining the discipline and work culture in the organization. 
09/2015 04/2016 
Trainee Hr Executive 
Astute Systems Pvt. Ltd. 
Indore 
Tasks 
The main task to do was calling candidates for interviews. 
Scheduling their machine test and technical interview. 
Employee Engagement activities for everyday. 
Documentation of employee certificates. EDUCATION 
2011 2015 Bachelor of Engineering in Information 
Technology 
Medicaps Institute of Science and Technology 
Indore 2011 Higher Secondary Education 
Shri Agrasen Vidyalaya 
Indore 2009 High School Education 
Shri Agrasen Vidyalaya 
Indore 
SKILLS 
Recruiting Negotiation Conflict Management 
Team Management Decision Making 
Training and Development Relationship Management 
Leadership Employee Realtions 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
I am open-minded, keen and enthusiastic person who can communicate with people at all levels with good understanding and pleasant approach. 
Strengths:- 
Self-adjusting Nature 
Co-operative Team Spirit and Convincing Ability 
QUALITIES 
Remarkable analytical, logical and reasoning skills. 
Innovative in assessing the qualities of people. 
Solution Oriented 
Efficient in communicating well in both verbal and written. 
LANGUAGES 
English 
Hindi 
INTERESTS 
Badminton Volleyball Reading Writing Music 
Exploring 
