Adobe Photoshop, Adobe Illustrator, Adobe InDesign, WordPress, HTML, CSS, Writing 
Vandana Nagrani 
Have a look at my work: https://www.behance.net/vandananagrani 
PROFILE 
A creative and observant self-starter who can work well in a team, and who believes that there is no com- promise for passion and hard-work to achieve objectives. Experimental in nature, a person who seeks to learn from every opportunity that knocks on the door. EDUCATION 
M.M.K. College of Commerce and Economics (Affiliated to University of Mumbai) Master of Commerce 6.0/7.0 GPA 
R.D. National College and W.A. Science College (Affiliated to University of Mumbai) Bachelor of Management Studies 70.63% CERTIFICATIONS 
Graphic Design Professional Course, St. Paul s Institute of Communication Education (April 2016) 
Content Writing Training Programme, B-Cube Consultanting Pvt. Ltd. (Aug 2015) 
Diploma in Interior Design, IITC Instiute India (May 2012) 
EXPERIENCE 
Visualizer, FoxyMoron Media Solutions Pvt. Ltd. May 2016 - Mar 2017 - Learned to work with a team of designers and marketers - Handled the graphic design work for social media accounts of Bisleri Vedica and Bisleri Urzza and Gillette Venus and other brands such as SBI Life Insurance and Lenovo Mobile India - Contributed to brainstorm sessions for innovation in content for launch of Gillette Venus Breeze - Learned to meet deadlines and prioritize work in a quick and demanding environment - 
Worked in tandem with the other teams vis-a-vis the Video, Operations, Strategy and Business 
Development teams to provide best experience to clients as well as customers Graphic Design Intern, Soch Technologies 
Sep 2015 
Oct 2015 
- Worked on UI/UX of a mobile application called Fitness Dharma from scratch - Designed 3 posters for marketing campaign of Soch Technologies called 
Soch School - Suggested logo designs for a client - Studio Stays Blog Writer, Sixth Official Aug 2015 Oct 2015 - Wrote several articles on football of which 6 were published on the blog - 
Learned the basics of SEO, CMS and WordPress - Pitched topics for content generation on football Intern, El Sol Strategic Consultants 
Aug 2013 - Oct 2013 
- Designed 6 event posters for 
The White Owl client of El Sol Strategic Consultants - Worked with marketing team to provide inputs on tent card design of Caf Sundance - 
Co-ordinated with team of printers to edit and print El Sol s business cards 
- Worked on re-design of El Sol s client list brochure 
SKILLS vandana.nagrani92@gmail.com +91 9967450596 Bandra (W) 
