Miss. HASINA M.MULANI 
B- 303,Shreram Residency, 
New DP Road, Vishal Nagar, 
Pune -411027 
Mobile: 8975830500, E-mail:hforhasina@gmail.com Looking for a HUMAN RESOURCE MANAGEMENT position where I can utilize my exceptional HR skills, including expertise in selecting the right manpower, MANUAL and AUTOMATED payroll administration, PERFORMANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEMS and LABOUR LAWS PROFILE AND STRENGTHS 
A dynamic professional with 8 years and 8 months of experience in administration, system improvement, Vendor Management, Travel Management, Calendar Management and Counselling. 
Backed by strong academic credentials: MBA (Human Resource) and BBA; possess zeal to make a mark in the Industry and to further companys objectives and goals within timelines. 
Skilful in organizing, interpreting and analysing data to facilitate the decision making process of the top management. 
Expertise in MS Excel, MS word, Outlook Express and Power Point Presentation. 
Detailed-oriented with proven communication and analytical skills; can handle multiple tasks to meet deadlines in pressure situations. 
A result oriented dynamic HR PROFESSIONAL with excellent knowledge of CORE HR functions including Strategic PMS, Payroll Admin, Recruitment, Employee Engagement, Employees Welfare and Labor Laws 
Undergone HR Generalist practical training at HR Excellence Global, Pune on key and relevant HR functions 
Excellent in Employee Management including Attendance, Leaves, Payroll inputs and performance targets, Employee management issues. 
ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Currently working with ROLOCULE Games Pvt Ltd as an Assistant HR and Admin Manager since 2nd December 2012. 
Work Profile 
o Managing day to day work of CEO & COO of the company. 
o Assisting CEO & CFO with Calendar Management, Travel itinerary, Visa, Meetings and all communications. 
o Read and analyze incoming quotations, emails, letters, meeting requests and prioritize scheduling. 
o Establish and maintain hard copy and electronic filing systems for departmental data, documents, and other materials. 
o Providing high-level administrative support involving efficient handling of top & confidential correspondence, management of document flow, screening telephone calls, attending visitors & directing various queries to relevant departments. 
o Organizing and providing administrative assistance in an office environment. 
o Preparation and analysis of all Management Information. 
o Organizing various meetings and conferences, collating papers for meetings, preparing and circulating agendas and setting up presentation equipment: 
- Prepare & Circulate Agenda - Assist in putting together presentations - Minutes of meeting and follow up of action completion. 
o Handle confidential and sensitive information and prepare appropriate confidential communication if any and ensure the integrity of confidential information. 
o 
To act as the initial point of contact for the CEO In his absence, assessing priorities and re-directing calls, Enquiries and requests as necessary. 
o 
Organizing and preparing the expenses reports / statements of CEO & CFO. 
o Prepare minutes of meetings. 
o Liase with Company secretary and CA and Manage office supplies. 
HR 
o Taking care of Attendance of employees. 
o Prepare Proposals, reports, memos, offer letters and other documents using word processing, spreadsheet. 
o Scheduling meetings, trainings and interviews. 
o Support in onboarding of New Joinees. 
o Responsible for preparing holiday calendar, leave management, issue of visiting cards, etc. 
o Completing procedure of Joining & Exit. 
o Taking care of Pay slip, Annual Salary Details. 
o Employee Query. 
o Reimbursement. 
o Maintaining records of new joined employees. 
o Maintaining employee files and the HR filing system. 
o Preparing badges, passes, and identification cards for staff. 
Worked with DSK SUPINFOCOM as an Executive Assistant from 16th April 2010 to 17th April 2012. 
Work Profile 
o 
To complete the work which is been allotted by Head of Studies as an Executive Assistant. 
o 
To assist the smooth functioning of the department by providing the necessary administrative assistance. 
o 
Manage and maintain the Head of Studies diary and email account. Drafting letters, filter emails, highlight urgent correspondence and print attachments. 
o Manage the daily schedule and back office work for the Head of department. Handling office affairs, files and data management, inventory management, calendar management and logistics arrangement. 
o Coordinate with marketing, HR, admin department for gaming school. Coordinating between student and head of studies and handling all the queries of students related to academics. 
o Responsible for ensuring accurate and correct communication to parents, all external departments as well as companies. 
o Manage external and internal communication of the department. Managing incoming E-mails, phone calls, hotel bookings, transport arrangement, road/air/rail arrangements, arranging foreign travel. 
o Organising various meetings, prepare meeting agenda, prepare minutes of meetings, coordinating and follow-up for the same. 
o Responsible for organizing events like conferences, jury, master classes and Parents trainers meet etc. 
o Responsible for sending requisitions, processing invoices, accounting, inventory management, through the ERP System. 
o Prepare all the necessary reports which is required for academic use for gaming school like report cards, student details, school assets, personal skills, soft skills and list of to do things etc. Ensure all bills, expenses are forwarded to finance department on time and focus on timely payment dispatch for the same. 
Worked with Maya Academy of Advanced Cinematics (MAAC), PUNE as an Senior Counsellor from June 2008 to Feb 2010. 
Work Profile o Handling Enquires and convert them into Enrollments. 
o Doing telephonic follow ups with the enquiries. 
o To Coordinate with Corporate Office and handled routine responsibilities of the Centre. 
o 
To upgrade the Installment list and insist Students to pay it on time. 
o To maintain records of the students and batches. 
o 
To take Feedback from students and co-ordinate with Centre Manager. 
o 
To help subordinates for conducting Seminars, Workshops. 
o To solve students problems and look into any residual matters. 
Worked with VRL Tech Solutions as an Centre Coordinator from February 2005 to April 2008. 
Work Profile 
o 
The profile includes total management of the Centre. 
o To be responsible for achieving targets given by Company. 
o To prepare Media plan and schemes for promotional activities. 
o To handle Administration team and Technical team. 
o To Co-ordinate activities like Lectures scheduling, Seminars, Workshops, Examinations, Certification, etc. 
o 
The responsibility involved counselling of the student candidates for the courses, guiding them as per their inputs for various courses and options of the program. 
o Fees collection, student feedback. 
o Preparing reports for month & daily basis. 
ACADEMIA Sr.no (http://sr.no/) 
Examination Board/University Year Division 1. 
B.B.A 
Shivaji University 2005 
First 2. 
H.S.C 
Kolhapur Board 2002 
Second 3. 
S.S.C Kolhapur Board 1999 
First 4. 
M.B.A - HRM 
SHIATS University 2014 First 
EXTRAMURAL ENGAGEMENTS o Participated in NCC training o Participated in Dance and Drama. 
o 
In both inter-school and intra-school, secured various positions in group march past. 
PERSONAL VITAE 
Date of Birth: 
20th 
February 1984 
Sex: Female 
Permanent Address: 
Sangli. 
Languages Known: English, Marathi and Hindi 
Location Preference: Pune and Mumbai. 
Marital Status: Single 
Nationality: Indian 
