 Mr. Roshan Revankar 
E-Mail 
: revankar.roshan@gmail.com 
Mobile : +91 9886668339 
My Portofilo URL : http://www.behance.net/revankarroshand09a (http://www.behance.net/revankarroshand09a) http://roshanrevankar.weebly.com/ (http://roshanrevankar.weebly.com/) Aspired to pursue career opportunities in UI /UX/Visual/Graphic Designing with an organization of repute. 
PROFILE SUMMARY . 
Over 9.9+ years of experience as UI/UX Graphic Designer in IT Sector, Automobile, Retail, Print Media, Pharmaceuticals, Interior Decoration & Advertising field in both Web and Mobile Domain. 
Designed application for Android smart phones, iOS & iPad. Deft in Website & UI Design Templates, Wireframes, IA, Web application designs, Web Banners, Animations and Brandings for internal and external and all visual aspects Mobile and Ipad Apps. 
Adept in latest versions of Photoshop, Corel Draw, Flash, Dreamweaver, Illustrator, Axure, Adobe Muse, InDesign, PowerPoint & Ms-Office in both WINDOWS & MAC Operating Systems. 
Thorough knowledge of the print,2D &3D product Designs, Infographics, material design, digital design & multimedia processes, from inception to completion. 
Meticulous attention to detail and deadlines. Ability to work on multiple projects simultaneously and proven talent for quick creative thinking with acute attention to detail within demanding deadlines. 
The ability to simultaneously perform multiple tasks in a fast-paced work environment. 
CURRICULUM: . 
B.F.A Degree (Bachelor of Fine Arts) in Applied Art: 2002 2006 
University College of Fine Arts, Kuvempu University ,Shimoga 
SOFTWARE SKILLS: 
. 
Adobe Photoshop CC 
Macromedia Flash Cs6 
Adobe Illustrator CC 
Power point-2013 Dreamweaver Cs4 
Coral Draw X7 
Axure RP Pro 
Omni Graffle InDesign CC 
Windows OS & Mac OS HTML CSS 
In Vision 
Adobe Muse CC PageMaker CERTIFICATION COURSES: 
. 
2009 - Certification in Web & Multimedia Course ( Arena Multimedia) 
2001 - Certification in Graphic & Visual Designing Course ( Z Career Academy) 
2001 - Diploma in Drawing Master Course( Karnataka University) P.T.O 
ACHIEVEMENTS . 
MARKETING ROCKSTAR AWARD 
Target India Corporation, 7th, March, 2014 SNAP AWARD 
Nous Infosystem (CMMI Level 5) November, 2014 PERSONAL DETAILS . 
Name : Mr. Roshan R. Revankar 
Date of Birth 
: 7th Feb 1983 
Marital Status : Married 
Languages Known : English, Kannada, Hindi ,Konkani & Marathi 
Residence Address : #39, 1st Main, Jakkasandra, Koramangala, Bangalore-34 
Hobbies : Painting & Listening to music 
ORGANIZATIONAL SCAN ........ 
Company Name 
Nous Infosystem(CMMI Level 5), Bangalore ( http://www.nousinfosystems.com/ ) Designation Senior UI/UX Designer 
Tenure July 21st, 2014 - till date Description Role and Responsibility: 
Created design specification and style guide documents. 
Mock-ups developments and UI specifications, including Screen Layouts, Color Palettes, Data Visualization, Creating Logos, Newsletter, Typography, and User-Interface Elements. 
Responsible for creating UI designs, Responsive designs, Web application designs and Brandings for Mobile and Ipad Apps with design solutions for the programmers to recreate them. 
Working with Software developers and Marketing team of our company from UK, USA, Canada, Australia, Germany and India. 
Creating Presentations on newly launched projects. 
Collaborating with the Project Managers, Ui Developers, Engineering Team and Marketing Team. 
Maintaining the brand/corporate identity in all visual corporate communications. Created graphics including icons and logos using Illustrator& Photoshop and enhanced typography to influence page layout and several promotional Web & UI packages as per HCI Standards. 
Experienced problem solving skills for performing browser viewing & display compatibility in different type of browsers. 
Designed front-end with dynamic Applications, WebPages , wireframes & IA for Android smart phones, iOS & iPad Projects at Nous MEDINOUS (An Healthcare website) 
SHURGARD (UK) - Portal site 
ALMARAI (Qatar) 
Portal site 
NOUS CORPORATE WEBSITE CRUMPLER 
(Australia ) etc.. P.T.O 
Company Name 
Target India Corporation, Bangalore ( http://www.target.com/ (http://www.target.com/) ) Designation 
Graphic Designer: Image Artist 
Tenure October 2013 
July 2014 Description Role and Responsibility: 
Determining style, technique, and medium best suited to organization promotion strategies. 
Specialized in Image Retouching. (HDRi Process: High Dynamic Range Image) 
Applying knowledge of photography and photography editing, producing accurate and high quality work. 
Designing digital promotional creativity using Adobe Photoshop CS6 in Mac platform. 
Maintaining all photography, digital graphic files and hard-copy files according to company process and procedure specifications. 
Collaborating with Marketing Team and Managers. 
Designing E-mailers and producing printed and digital proofs for edits and approvals. 
Managing a high volume of design requests and meet deadlines. Organize files, photos and all collateral produced or received Edit and color-correct images in Photoshop. 
Design, creation and implementation of high quality pixel accurate 2D graphics Company Name 
Mahendra Association's: 
Glass&Wall Expressions, Bangalore ( http://www.mahendraassociates.com/about.html (http://www.mahendraassociates.com/about.html) ) Designation Senior Graphic Designer 
Tenure 
6th February 2012 to 21st October 2013 
Description Role and Responsibility: 
Producing visual solutions to the communication needs using a mix of creative skills and commercial awareness. 
Working on multitasks at the same time using a wide range of medias, including photography and computer aided design. 
Create Store Elevations, 2D Perspective views, Signage, Wall graphics, Icons, Banners & Standardization. 
Designing different types of layouts & illustrations, web design layout & typography according to brand guidelines. 
Designing Wall Graphic and Digital prints as per the client requirements. 
Preparing Power Point Presentation in order to exhibit the company branding and advertising as per the products. 
Preparing new and unique illustrations, innovative layout prints and rough sketches of presentation and organization brochures and designs graphics for website in line with branding guidelines. 
Graphic preparation, color production and layout of promotional advertising in layout design, production and offset printing preparation. 
P.T.O 
Company Name 
Logix Microsystems Limited, Bangalore 
( http://www.logixworld.com/ (http://www.logixworld.com/) ) 
Designation Graphic Designer 
Tenure 
5th March 2007 to 23rd January 2012 Description Role and Responsibility: 
Working on an Interactive Add On Autos accessories (AOA) on Photoshop & Flash Platform 
Developing images and Animations for Visual Accessories Configuration System. 
Developing 360 Degree Animations of Cars & Bikes. 
Preparing Power Point Presentation in order to exhibit the company branding and advertising as per the products. 
Creating Interior Panorama of Cars. Specialized in Image Retouching. (HDRi Process) Responsible for Training and Mentoring Graphic Designers and programmers. 
Managing Input & Exit Criteria of the Team. Designing different types of web design & Wireframe layout , templates & e-mailers according to brand guidelines. 
Company Name 
Vinto Communication, Bangalore 
Designation Graphic Designer 
Tenure 
5th November 2006 to 28th 
February 2007 Description Role and Responsibility: 
Concept designing & developing innovative ideas for events and all types of design like Logo, Brochure design, Packaging, designs, catalog design, Advertisement & etc. for Pharmacy industries. 
Working on Adobe Creative Suites including Photoshop & Corel Draw. 
Responsible for creating a variety of promotional advertising pieces that include text, graphics and photos; output is mainly for print media, additional work is required in other. 
Company Name Shruti Designs, Bangalore 
Designation Graphic Designer 
Tenure 1st May 2006 to 30th October 2006 
Description 
Role and Responsibility: 
Design & developing innovative ideas for all types of design like Logo design, Brochure design, Packaging designs, catalog design, hoardings, glow sign boards & Advertisement. 
Working with Photoshop, PageMaker and Corel Draw. Work closely with Interactive Designers who will build out mockups and Assist them. 
Design effective sales collateral (presentations, proposals, handouts, etc.) Exhibit and event signage and other supporting graphics 
DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and I promise to serve your organization to the best of my ability and be a part of its growth and prosperity. 
Place: Bangalore Date: Roshan .R. Revankar 
