 Vinayak Iyer 202 
Siddh Shilp 
Apts, Satellite, Ahmedabad , 
Gujrat 380015 
Email : 
vinayakiyer07@gmail .com| Ph:9998039776 
LinkedIn : www.linkedin.com/in/iyervinayak/ 
| Website : h p://vinayakiyer07.weebly.com/ 
SUMMARY 
Mechanical Engineer with 2 years e[ perience in Automotive Engine Controls.. E[ cellent knowledge in On Board Diagnostics (OBD), Aftertreatment Systems, CAN Communications, SAE J1 
3 
, Diesel Gasoline Engine Controls. Proficient at using software likeCalterm( similar toETAS Inca,ATI), Insite, P CANView, P CANE[ plorer, MATLAB Simulink. Ihavegoodknowledgeofenginecooling systems,DataAcT uisitionand Data Analysis. Currently looking fornewopportunities as Controls Engineerwhere I can usemy analytical and problem solving skills to design and improve products, willing to relocate if reT uired. 
EDUCATION 
Master of Science in 
Mechanical Engineering 
(Aug 12 May 14) GPA : 3.47/4 University of Florida,Gainesville,FL, USA 
Coursework : Conduction,Convection,Fluid Mechanics I II,Numerical Analysis,Computational Fluid Dynamics,Finite Element 
Analysis,Gas Turbines 
Jet Engines,Combustion,Design of Thermal Systems 
B.Tech in 
Mechanical Engineering (Aug 08 May 12): GPA : 7.54/10 Sardar 
Vallabhbhai 
National 
Institute of Technology,Surat, GuM arat, India 
Coursework : Fluid Mechanics,Heat and Mass Transfer,Thermodynamics, I.C. Engines,Computational Fluid Dynamics, 
Strength of Materials 
PROFESSIONAL 
TRAINING 
Gasoline Engine 
Controls Course SAE 
Certificate of Mastery course ,LHP|U 
O ct 14 
Engineering Process Training 
CAN Communications 
(J1 3 ) Code Generation Controls Theory and Application 
Gasoline Engine and Controls (Speed Governing 
Controls Model 
System Diagrams, Wiring, and CAN) 
Speed 
Governing of Gasoline Engine using 
Throttle control 
Developed 
a PID controller for 
both throttle and engine using 
MATLAB 
Simulink 
Developed different schemes like Anti Windup, Feed Forward and Gain Scheduling to improve the accuracy and response time of the 
PID controller Conducted Model in Loop and Hardware in Loop simulation to optimise and calibrate the throttle and engine 
control systems using NI 
Veristand 
Conducted FMEA 
study of the throttle body for different failure 
modes 
TECHNICAL 
SKILLS CAD/CAE 
: SolidWorks,ProE,AbaT us,Nastran 
Programming : Fortran,Matlab,Python 
Software : Simulink,LabView,NI 
VeriStand, NI 
TestStand, Calterm ,Canape, 
Canalyzer 
Vinayak 
Iyer 202 
Siddh Shilp 
Apts, Satellite, Ahmedabad , 
Gujrat 380015 
Email : 
vinayakiyer07@gmail .com| Ph:9998039776 
LinkedIn : www.linkedin.com/in/iyervinayak/ 
| Website : 
h p://vinayakiyer07.weebly.com/ 
WORK 
EXPERIENCE 
Fuel 
Bench 
Support 
Engineer (Caterpillar) May 16 Present 
Responisble for the electronics setup and troubleshooting 
support for diesel engine fuel system test benches. 
Performed software and hardware validations on 
bench top 
test systems. 
Verify fuel system production software on electronic benches and fuel system test benches. 
Collaborate with customers to understand reT uirements, provide issue resolution for test benches via phone and at on site Develop fuel 
bench 
software per reT uirements in a model based environment and an embedded C environment. 
Calibration 
Engineer 
(Cummins HMLD 
On Highway 
India 
Brazil Liason) Aug 15 
Feb 16 Specify, design, develop, validate and release 
software 
reT uired to support Engine 
Controls and Electronics 
Systems. 
Lead development of Engine 
Calibrations 
Diagnosed and resolved 
customer complaints involving engine 
control systems using Matlab/Simulink 
Performed software and hardware validations on 
bench top 
test systems using Calterm( similar to 
ETAS 
Inca , ATI), Insite, 
P CAN E[ plorer 
Developed standard 
validation procedures to optimize control system performance. 
Test and Validation 
Engineer 
( Cummins Fuel Systems) 
Jan 15 July 15 Tested and validated Engine Control Software and Calibration forCummins OffHighway VPI Team using Matlab/Simulink 
Validated diagnostics using 
P CAN E[ plorer 
to send/view 
CAN messages Gained proficiency in 
Cummins proprietary 
software 
Calterm , Insite Troubleshooted various tests and updated Standard Test Procedure (STP) and Test SeT uences to test additional features. 
Gained familiarity with different sub systems like Aftertreatment System, Engine Protection,Inducements, Engine Derates, 
On Board Diagnostics (OBD), CAN Communication 
Gained proficiency in NI 
Teststand to troubleshoot and modify 
Test SeT uences. 
Summer 
Volunteer,Energy Systems and Gas Dynamics 
Lab,UFL May 13 June 13 Developed a user interface fordata acT uisition foraNovel 4 uad generationGasTurbineSystemusing LabView at the Gas Dynamics and Energy 
Systems 
Lab. 
Developed a MATLAB code to find theoptimumoperating point of the system foragivenset of input parameters. 
Gained e[ perience in compressor turbine 
matching Gained familiarity with the use of thermocouples, pressure transducers and flow meters. 
Gained knowledge on measurement 
techniT ues for pressure, temperature and fluid flow. 
Gained in depth knowledge about the functioning ofa typical gas turbinesystemaswell asau[ iliaries like turbochargers and 
heat e[ changers. 
Engineering Internship, 
Sumul Surat 
Jan 12 May 12 Designed,fabricated and analysed theperformanceof a solarassisted biogasplant fordomesticuse,as part of a GuM arat 
Government initiative, to provide cheap source of fuel for domestic purpose. 
Proposed to use translucent fiberglass to trap solar energy and increase the temperature inside the digester. 
Increased theyieldby 110 andmethanecontent inthebiogasby0.4 , by using translucent fiberglass instead of conventional plastic material. 
Conducted material testing for yield strength of material and determined that the fibreglass is 2.57 times stronger than conventional plastic. 
