 KALAIVANAN J 
Address for 
Correspondence: 
No.11 Mettu Street, Muthirapalayam, Muthirapalayam (post), Puducherry-605009. 
Mob. No. : 
8344470527 Email id: 
Kalayvanan.j@gmail.co 
m 
Personal Data: 
Date of Birth : 19th Apr 94 
Sex : Male 
Nationality : Indian 
Marital Status : Single 
Languages known: 
English 
Tamil Area of Specialization: Wireless 
Networks. 
Wireless 
Communication. 
Strengths: Self Confidence 
Fast Learner 
Hard Worker 
RESUME 
Objective 
Challenging career in a dynamic environment that allows me to utilize my inherent strengths and acquired skills and offers scope for training and growth along with the growth of the organization. 
Professional Record B.E. (Electronics and Communication Engineering) Sri 
Aravindar Engineering college, Sederapet, Batch (2011-2015) with cgpa 6.8%. 
Academic Record 
H.Sc: 
Vivekananda Higher secondary School, Pondicherry 
India 2009 2011 with 64.4% of marks. 
SSLC: Vivekananda Higher secondary School, Pondicherry, India 2008 2009 with 81% of marks. 
Technical Skills 
Microsoft Technologies : 
Ms Office. 
Basic Programming Languages : Matlab, Xilinx, Pspice. 
Others : Proteus. 
Extra-Curricular Activities Committee members in SAEC. 
Secretory in ECE Department Committee. 
Class Representative for 2years in SAEC. 
Vice president of ROTARACT Club for 2years. 
Interests and Hobbies: 
Playing PC 
Games. 
Watching 
Cartoons. 
Maintaining Pets. 
Place: Pondicherry. 
Date : 
Presentation and Seminars 
Participated in the National Level Technical Symposium (2013) held at Dr.Pauls Engineering College, Pondicherry. 
Participated in the National Level Symposium (2014) held at Anna University, Villupuram. 
Projects 
Completed a project work on Mobile communication and RF based Fuel Quantity and Quality Monitoring system on the embedded platform. 
Workshops Participated in the national level workshop on Digital Signal 
Processing held at Pondicherry Engineering College, Pondicherry. 
Participated in the national level workshop on Android held at Anna University, Villupuram. 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above said information is true to the best of my knowledge and ability. 
(KALAIVANAN.J) 
