H.No-18-1-350/11/57/A,Gulshan-e-Iqbal Colony,Chandrayangutta,Hyd-500005. (M)+917799060009 email-mohdsamiullahquadri@gmail.com MohdSamiullahQuadri ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ Professional Summary 
Over 8.8 years of professional experience, including 6.5 years doing Software Licensing Compliance, Software Audits, Inventory Management & Contract Management. In-depth understanding of software licensing concepts & models, contracts & license agreements, data analysis, compliance, purchasing processes, Process analysis & documentation, and auditing procedures. Project Management lead for CA SAM On-boarding from ITAM. Relevant IT skills and software license management knowledge, including certifications in Certified Software Manager (CSM), ITILV3.0 Foundation Certified and PMP Trained. Projects & Key Achievements 
CA SAM Tool Implementation 3.6.6 and CA SAM 4.0.2 Roll Out: IT Asset Management Lead for HSBC SAM Transformation Program. Played a key role in transforming and implementing current Manual Reconciliation approach to an automated tool (Aspera SmartTrack). 
Manual Reconciliation Base Migration: Successfully migrated software titles from Manual Reconciliation to CA Software Asset Management Tool (Aspera) in 2015, currently providing license management tool usage and technical support with Aspera Smart Track 
Project Planning and Implementation: Part of On-boarding planning, FTE requirements and forecast, Stake holder management, Issue Resolutions etc. 
Supply Chain Optimization and Procurement Factory : Monitoring and Controlling Inputs for Product optimization to Third party Accenture 
Software Entitlements Streamlining Project: Managed and streamlined complete IT Workflow process by coordinating with the Procurement teams from different Geographies as per the Contract and Entitlement Lifecycle guidelines. 
Missing software Entitlements Project: Revamped and designed the Missing Entitlement Process Flow for the Discovered Entitlement as part of the IT Asset Management Control Framework resulting in tangible savings and mitigating Shelf ware costs. 
Key resource for the Lean Six Sigma Project for Software Entitlement Maintenance: New & Renewed Contracts as the ITAM reconciliation team lead. Created SAM Appendix record key contractual information. 
Process Re-Engineering Project: Lead for driving process Re-Engineering that delivered a process efficiency worth 6 FTE ($300,000 in 2014), Appreciated by very senior management team External Vendor Audit Management: Instrumental in handling external vendor audits and a key resource for mitigating risk and exposure- Handled federal audit for Adobe,Tectia etc. highlighting Compliance & Usage issues and projecting the financial implication. Identified risk value of $300,000 in 2014 Providing license compliance and optimization recommendations, successfully converted local/regional vendors contracts to global contracts which helped in better contract management and cost optimization. 
Awards& Recognition 
Rated as Outstanding Performer for the year 2015 and Received Achiever of the year award in 2014. 
Promoted as Senior Technical Specialist (Manager) in August 2013 Awarded as Star of the Year in 2012, Received Super Star of the Quarter 3 times in IT Asset Management, Winner of AMO Super Star, Best Performer Process Champ Service Excellence Award 
Professional Experience 
Senior Technical Specialist / Subject Matter Expert (Manager) 
IT Asset Management 
Software Asset Management knowledge - Review of the outlined Compliance Framework to asses that the communication processes, risk controls and governance practices for maintaining compliance are in place. 
Managing complete IT Workflow process as part of Contract and Entitlement Lifecycle. Good at Interpreting license contracts to understand license entitlement. 
Working on the Software Maintenance Project to keep a tab on the renewal process of High Risk Vendors. 
Provided Training to all the ITAM Team members on Software Contracts, Ariba Database, IT workflow and Entitlement Records. 
Performed quality assurance, checked for internal controls, and audited data to ensure Business and IT objectives and risk mitigation. 
Short Term Projects and Process Improvement Initiatives 
ITAM Process Re-engineering Project 
Objective of project was Quality & Contingency. 
HSBC Contract Optimization Project- Globalization of multiple local/regional agreements 
ITAM Software Maintenance Project 
Reviewing of software maintenance Certifications 
ITIL v3 (Foundation) 
CSM (Certified Software Manager) 
PMP trained. 
Lean Six Sigma Trained. 
Senior Technical Analyst (Assistant Manager) 
IT Asset Management 
Perform software audits/inventories by using Scanning tools to identify all instances of managed software within the infrastructure and compare the license agreements to identify gaps. 
Providing results to Business Partners for overall Software Compliance risk and giving suggestions with cost benefit. 
Worked with functional teams to improve management of all software assets. 
To assist regions for streamlining purchasing and software deployment processes, purchasing additional software licenses or reallocating the licenses which are not in use. 
Executive Finance - Supply Management Operations (Vendor & Contract Management) 
Compiling Business Analysis Report, Financial Analysis Report and Comprehensive Analysis Report by deriving the risk associated with the companies based on their analysis reports (Year End Financials, OFAC, BBB and Press releases). 
Evaluate vendors on various parameters like: Financial Outlook, Overall Business Reputation which would help HSBC North America to select final vendor based on Risk associated and finalize contracts with the vendors. 
Worked on RFPs, RFQs and Processing of Purchase Orders 
Maintaining Ariba Database repository Creation of supplier ids and uploading of contracts), Purchasing Project Tracking Log (PPTL), Creating Ariba Contract Workbench. 
Short Term Projects 
Ariba Audit Project: Reviewing of Contractual documents of high valued vendors and collate data on different Master and Sub Agreements. 
Ariba Remediation Project: Reviewing of all contracts in Ariba Database and removing unnecessary (Expired/closed) and duplicate workbenchs. 
Software Entitlement Project: Analyze, Review and extract related data from Commercial/Legal contract documents for US region. 
Qualification 
University Year of Passing 
Master of Business Administration (Finance) 
Osmania 2007 Personal Information 
Date of Birth : Jan 27, 1984 INTERNAL INTERNAL INTERNAL 
