 V A R U N 
K U M A R 
S I N G H 
M A L E , 2 1 
Y R S 
P H O N E 
N U M B E R - + 9 1 - 9 7 1 1 7 8 1 6 4 5 E M A I L 
I D 
V A R U N S I N G H 2 5 1 9 @ G M A I L . C O M EDUCATION INTERNSHIP/S 
1. Internship with office of Member of Legislative Assembly (MLA) 
17 June 2017 27 July 2017 Hands on experience to solve the problems of people, understand the administrative structure government, multiplicity of the implementation process and opportunity to interact with different public representatives and government officials. 
Come up with innovative solutions for day-to-day governance of the constituency and got a chance to step into the shoes of elected representative and think like one. 
Opportunity to visit Vidhan Sabha and witness live assembly session and met few cabinet ministers of the government. 
Conducted Social Audit for various schemes of state government like Mohalla Clinics, DUSIB etc. 
2. Research Intern, Moksha Foundation, New Delhi April 2016 
Till now Conducted an extensive research on different credit policies of public sector banks drafted for weaker section of the society for our Financial Literacy Project. 
Also assisted the team in mapping out the target group for our financial inclusion program where we aimed to bring in economically ostracized section of the society in mainstream banking sector to avail different financial and welfare benefits. 
3. Summer Intern, Harpreet FORD., New Delhi 
June 2016 August 2016 Harpreet FORD Quality Care , accredited authorized dealership of Ford India Ltd. Providing services extending to sphere of sales, finance, genuine ford accessories, servicing and repairs with quality care. 
The key role played was to visualize the fault in a vehicle after a short road test and consult that to the Technician. 
Assisted the General Manager in the administrative work. 
4. Summer Intern, Hopemonkey, Delhi June 2014 July 2014 Hopemonkey is non-profit Organization which raises the funds for different NGO s through Crowd- funding, E-commerce etc. 
We were assigned a task to raise money for NGO 
Red Brigade and we successfully achieved our Target. 
Was responsible for the effective implantation of operations strategies, held meetings with HR of the company in order to create conducive environment for the fundraising. 
Received an internship experience letter for 5 weeks. 
ACADEMIC PROJECTS 
Project 1: Successfully completed a Research based project on Labour community residing in college campus. 
Project 2: Currently working on making a portal to help students fighting with depression. Created a comprehensive compendium on health care centres, NGOs, counsellors and Psychologists. 
Project 3: Academic project about synthesis of mechanism. 
ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS AND AWARDS 
Secured 3rd position in AD-MAD at college level. 
Selected for the YUVA PRERNA YATRA 2017 from the large pool of applicants across the globe. 
Selected for the Vision India Foundation Policy BootCamp 2017. 
Secured 2nd position in open letter writing competition organized by Literary society 
Sahitya of DTU. 
B.Tech, Mechanical Engineering 
2013-2017 Inderprastha Engineering College 75.8 % AISSCE (Class XII) 2012 Cambridge School, Delhi 78.0% AISCE (Class X) 2010 Cambridge School, Delhi 8.0 CGPA 
Secured 1st position in Debate at school level. 
Awarded 1st prize in several Intra School Quiz Competition. 
POSITIONS OF RESPONSIBILITY 
Founder and President of Reverence : A Youth Forum of Inderprastha Engineering College 
Responsible for recruiting, guiding, directing, managing and leading 36 members in order to accomplish goals and objectives of the forum. 
Organized various events like Parliamentary Debate, Creative Writing, Quiz, Poetry slam, Opine, brainstorming events etc. 
Conducted Workshops for the personal and professional development of students. 
Marketing and Management Member, Artist at Work Productions (2015-2016) 
Responsible for the event at Hansraj College and Art-Mobs held at various places. 
Research on different e-commerce websites. 
Played a key role in marketing 
Oh shit! The college says campaign. 
Editor and Creative Head of college magazine named MUSE (2016-2017) Started a Magazine to strengthen and consolidate the writing platform in college. 
Responsible for planning and delivery of all online and offline marketing strategies. 
Created a space for college students to sought dialogue, furnish creativity and a place for ideas to flourish and paint, and write, or convey them in Exchange Program Coordinator for IGCDP Department at AIESEC (2014-2015) 
Responsible for management of all the interns from abroad. 
Took interviews of prospective foreign interns before their internship program. 
Campus Coordinator Manager at opinia360 (2015) Managing partnerships and communications (campus ambassador program). 
Lead a team of active 56 campus ambassadors and designing and structuring the whole program. 
Driving 20k+ downloads through campus ambassadors programs. 
Responsible for planning and delivery of all online and offline marketing strategies. 
Research Intern and Volunteer for Mission Antyodaya Worked on the social scheme 
Air Pollution allotted to us. Researched about the causes of Air pollution and suggested solutions to mitigate this problem. 
Research Intern at The Dias Foundation, Delhi Conducted an extensive research to determine the effectiveness of the odd- even policy of the Delhi Government and its effects on the pollution levels of the city. 
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES AND ACHIEVEMENTS 
Volunteered in Balakalakaar event hosted by AIESEC- IIT Delhi (2014). 
Worked as a part of the organizing committee so as to raise funds for this event. 
Also, facilitated logistics on the day of the event. 
Member of Kitaab Club (2014-2015). 
Volunteer at AFS (American Field Service) India, Chapter Delhi. 
Volunteered in HeforShe Campaign. 
Participated in Tedx conference organized by SSCBS. 
Maintain a creative writing blog 
The Ineffable Chronicles with over 10 posts and 40 followers. 
OTHER INFORMATION 
Have analytic and planning skills, interested in doing root cause analysis of a problem based on observations, always looks for leadership opportunites and new experiences to learn new things. 
