 Sales Operation, MIS, Coordination, Forecasting 
C-105, Flat No-102, st Floor, Dabri Extn East, New Delhi 
Personal Details Date of Birth: 5th April1982 
Languages Known: English & Hindi 
Ashish Gupta 
Sales MIS, Operations, Forecasting. 
Ability to accept challenges and tackle difficult situations and meet the expected goals & focused on best practices and models that are used in the industry and can be helpful in meeting the expectations of the employees. 
+91-9871959030 
ashish4ccna@gmail.com 
Profile Summary 
Track and analyze key metrics pipeline growth, Collect, consolidate and generate weekly sales forecasts (month and quarter focus) and roll up each week s numbers to Sales 
Management. 
Compile key pieces of information related to performance against sales objectives to be reviewed by Management and report approved plans to Finance for processing. 
Proactively analyzes win-loss data and reports on key findings to sales leadership. 
Develop presentations that analyze sales and marketing activities and achievements from SFA applications. 
Reporting and analysis for the Sales and Marketing departments, including: executive reporting of sales and marketing results, key metrics and KPIs, campaign tracking, Seminars and analysis, and ad hoc strategic analysis. 
Implements and manages reports and dashboards ,ensuring sales reps and leaders have access to key data required to successfully manage the business. 
Monitors the accuracy and efficient distribution of sales reports and external intelligence essential to the sales organization. 
Recommends revisions to existing reports, or assists in the development of new reporting tools as needed. 
Career Highlights & Leadership Benchmarks Created 
o Prepare various processes for the MIS team and make sure that they adhere to them. 
o Develop and implement MIS policies to ensure data accuracy and security. 
o Develop process improvements for increased efficiency and cost effectiveness o Preparing Power-Point presentations for Business Reviews. 
o Implementing online Sales Force MIS and ensuring error-free process flow across sites. 
o Sales Data Analysis and presentations to decision making authority. 
o Analyze market trends and sales performance through channels. 
o Proficient working with the office applications, ERP software, communications systems, etc Career Timeline 
September-2011 Present 
Blossom Kochhar Beauty Products Pvt Ltd. Assistant Manager. 
Navigating the overall sales Operation, MIS & implementation of Reporting 
Tools in conjunction with the senior management team to enable the achievement of goals defined by the organisation.. 
Highlights: Prepare PAN India Head Quarter wise yearly and monthly targets. 
Prepare PAN India BA Targets & Plans for Achieving. 
Prepared Incentive Scheme for Sales Team & Beauty Advisors. 
Prepared Complete Budget for Sales, Head wise for complete financial year. 
Prepared Sales Vs Actual Expenses occurred for Marketing, Promotion 
Scheme, Consumer Scheme, Primary & Secondary Scheme, Cost involved in Salary & Incentive reimbursement. 
Prepared head wise Plan Vs Actual of all the business areas- e.g. retail, parlours, BA counters, Modern Trade, Online Sale, Kiosk In shopping mall, Chain Parlours. 
Prepared Various Management report - showing effect in MRP revision, impact of scheme s. Outlet wise Purchase Vs Expense (incurred in Visibility & margins). 
Conducted company s Annual Conference Managing all modes of travels, planned stay, prepared PPT & complete flow of the conference. 
Conducted ASM Quarterly Meet- Manage the complete event. 
Prepare Sales Forecast and provide to factory for production. 
Coordinate & follow-up for movement of stocks and dispatches to Depot. 
Prepared Forecasting and allocation of POP materials & testers to all our retail & parlour outlets. 
Introduced & implemented online reporting PAN India. 
Training Sales Associates for use of Online Sales Reporting. 
Follow up with Sales Team for all Issues. 
o Collection of C Form. 
o Ensure collection of Payments on time. 
o Opening of New Distributors & Retail outlets. 
o Follow & coordination for ensuring proper Business & Liaison with Modern Trade & Online partners e.g. Health & Glow, Dabur New U, Amazon, Flipkart, Green Trends. 
Suntec Web Services 2006 - 2007 Ozone 
Pharmaceuticals 2007 - 2011 
Blossom Kochhar 
Beauty Products Pvt Ltd. 2011 - Present 
Organizational Experience 
November 2007 - September 2011 Ozone Pharmaceuticals Assistant Manager. 
Joined as Regional Sales Support Officer, Promoted to Assistant Manager. 
Highlights: Operation & Coordination with PAN India field staff. 
Developed, monitored and implemented management operations systems. 
Restructured and created new, online Web Reporting in all India through proper Training & working as administrator for implementation of Web Solution. 
Monitored, evaluated, and counselled staff of 1200 employees in India & Nepal. 
Processing salary, checking of Expense & reimbursement of field staff. 
Delegated suggestions and duties to other team members regarding opportunities for improvement in work-related tasks and processes Looking after the activities e.g. sales, stock, expenses, salary, reports & all other activities. 
Handling the process of Launching Medicines all over India & Nepal by a system called Product Information System 
Developed core curriculum requirements for Sales Support Specialists in conjunction with the Regional Sales Support Coordinators 
Maintaining of Accidental Insurance Policy & Med claim Policy of all field staff 
Ensure all the customers 
questions / complaints are addressed and answered by the relevant people in our organization Prepare reports about activity Answer sales organization questions about their customers activity Provide assistance to road staff / sales as required. 
November 2006 - November 2007 Suntec Web Services Data Processing Executive 
Highlights: 
Enters data into system via on-line terminals and other data entry devices; verifies for accuracy and completeness. 
Investigates and reconciles any discrepancies in files. 
Answers phone; screens calls; responds to any inquiries or transfers call to appropriate office or individual; composes correspondence in response to inquiries. 
Maintains library of any reference material needed to ensure accurate coding. 
Files material into proper location. 
Assists with other work processing or other tasks as needed. . 
Academic Details 2007 
B.C.A. passed from IGNOU. 
2002 Intermediate (12th) passed from CBSE Board 
2000 Metric (10th) passed from CBSE Board 
Skill Set Thinker Collaborator Communicator Planner Leader 
Previous 
Employer 
