Page 1 of 3 CURRICULUM VITAE FEROZ BABU.N.P 
P B No 49974 Dubai. U A E 
Contact No: 00971 55 9044150 
Email: ferozbabu18@gmail.com 
Objective 
Seeking a challenging opportunity where I will be able to utilize my skills and my experience as well as my superior Customer Service skills, which will allow me to grow personally and professionally. 
Career Summary 
Goal oriented, energetic and highly motivated sales Professional with excellent sales and business development skills. 
Experience of managing sales and business development for the organization. 
Ability to meet target, generates business, perform post sales activity as well as reduce costs. 
Work in competitive environment and identify new business opportunities in the market. 
Over 4 year experience with customer service or sales support as Sales Executive. 
Professional Experience 1. Presently Working as Sales Executive in Al Wajeha Curtains and Carpets Trading LLC, Sharjah From Dec 2015 till date. 
Duties and Responsibilities 
Scheduling appointments, arranging meeting with existing customers in order to review product requirements, and to determine other opportunities to increase the business. 
Meeting customers at site to get the measurements of interior fit out to provide with the best service and a competitive offer and to advise additional service for the upselling of the company s other products. 
Providing product quotes to customers as per the competitive market price. 
Ensuring follow-up after passing leads to managers with complete profile customer information, calls-to-action, sources, dates. 
Enhancing up to date knowledge on new products, procedures, services by attending departmental and training meetings. 
Preparing reports for sales and marketing and maintaining expense accounts. 
2. Worked as Sales Executive in Danube Group of Company, Dubai since October 2012 till Aug 2015. Danube Group is the leading Building material company in the Middle East. 
Duties and Responsibilities 
As a Sales Executive in Danube group my prime responsibility is to improve the Page 2 of 3 sales of complete interior works and furniture for commercial and residential projects. 
Scheduling appointments, arranging meeting with existing customers in order to review product requirements, and to determine other opportunities to increase the business. 
Meeting customers at site to get the measurements of interior fitout to provide with the best service and a competitive offer and to advise additional service for the upselling of the company s other products. 
Providing product quotes to customers as per the competitive market price. 
Ensuring follow-up after passing leads to managers with complete profile customer information, calls-to-action, sources, dates. 
Coordinating between the company and the customers for up-to-date condition on pricing, service and latest product release launches. 
Effectively supervising and handling complaints during the installation and handover the site at the time of completion. 
Performing updating and maintenance of accounts of customer including contact names and numbers for future sales. 
Preparing the sales report based on the business achieved. 
Representing the company to attend conferences and trade shows effectively. 
Enhancing up to date knowledge on new products, procedures, services by attending departmental and training meetings. 
3. Worked as a Sales Executive for Four Zone Trading LLC, Dubai since January 2010 till Sep-2012 
Four Zone is a trading company dealing with the manufacture of furniture and supply of fabric for commercial and residential projects. 
Duties and Responsibilities 
Scheduling appointments, meeting existing customers in order to review product requirements, and to determine other opportunities. 
Providing product quotes to customers as per the competitive market price. 
Effective planning to conduct sales presentations by meeting customers physically on daily basis. 
Generating and developing non-member businesses account in order to increase revenue. 
Continuously updating all customers on new product availability and enhancements. 
Maintaining professionalism, diplomacy, sensitivity, and tact to portray the company in a positive manner. 
Using marketing data to maximize sales effectiveness and efficiency by using relevant sales management tools. 
4. Worked as F&B Team leader in Jumeirah Madinat Jumeirah Resort from July 2007 till Dec 2009. 
Skills and Specifications 
Effective time management, organization and multi-tasking skills. 
Special people skills to deal with customers and an outbound personality. 
Able to upgrade and deal major businesses. 
Very strong communication skills in writing and verbal. 
Very good team player and should work well under pressure. 
Page 3 of 3 Ability to get along with people and maintain co-operative relationship. 
Readiness to share relevant information with appropriate person & willingness to Listen to others viewpoint. 
Commitment & a sense of responsibility- Can be relied upon to do the work intruded & remain unflustered by work pressure or crisis. 
Intense focus on quality output. 
Positive attitude and perseverance to undertake any challenging jobs. 
Trainings: 
Completed Health & Safety Training 
Attended Training on Up selling Techniques 
Achievements 
Won best new comer award in April 2005 in Jumeirah Beach Club 
Twice nominated for colleague of the month Educational Qualification 
Completed 3 years International Diploma in Hotel Management from Oriental 
School of Hotel Management Wayanad, Kerala. Completed U.S Diploma in Hospitality Management (American Hotel and Motel 
Association) from Oriental School of Hotel Management. 
Personal Details 
Fathers Name : Mr .P.K.Moidu 
Date of Birth : 18th Oct 1979 
Marital Status : Married 
Nationality : Indian 
Gender : Male 
Languages known : English, Hindi, Urdu, Malayalam. 
Visa status : Employment 
Passport No. 
: J2951532 
Driving Licence : 1473465 (Valid UAE Licence) 
Reference: 
Mr. Rajendar Dharna 
Outlet Manager 
Danube Home 
Delma Mall, Abudhabi 
Ph: 055 4717059 
Feroz Babu 
Sign: 
