 Mr. Kinjal Kundu 
Email ID : official - Kinjal.512@iiitb.org 
personal - kinjolkundu@hotmail.com 
Mobile : 98863 35748 , 83694 27723 
Objective: 
To continuously strive for higher achievement in life and establish myself as a perfect and accept challenging work and contribute forward 
the success of an esteem organization by hard work and acquired skills. 
Educational Qualifications: 
Degree 
Discipline/ 
Specialization 
School/College 
Board/ 
University 
Year of Passing %/CGPA 
M.Tech 
Electronic Systems 
Design 
IIIT Bangalore Deemed 2017 
3.33 / 4 (83.25) 
B.Tech /B.E 
Electronics and Telecommunication 
MIT Pune University of Pune 2012 66.60 Intermediate / HSC 
Science 
Appejay Nerul 
Navi Mumbai 
C.B.S.E 2008 85.00 
SSC Science 
Appejay Nerul 
Navi Mumbai 
C.B.S.E 2006 91.80 
Skills: 
Languages : Verilog, Shell / Perl script, C , C++ , Matlab , Java , S.A.P 
Tools Used : VCS, Spyglass, DC, LT Spice, Cadence XL, Electric Layout, YACC, Eclipse 
Internship: 
Company 
: Synopsys Jan 2017 - Jun 2017 
Project : 
Ethernet protocol 
Work Experience: 
Company : Infosys Limited 
July 2013 - July 2015 
Designation : 
Systems Engineer Roles 
: SAPMM, monitor data transmission, inventory management and updation, handle client issues. 
Internship Project: 
Ethernet protocol Language :- 
Verilog Tools :- V.C.S, D.C, Spyglass 
Description :- 
In nutshell, the project is implementation of Ethernet protocol which works at the data-link layer of OSI networking model. The main idea is efficient and robust data transmission from the MAC to physical layer. In order to achieve such a feat, there are several intermediate layers to cater the complexity and achieve reliability; viz. clock domain crossing, alignment markers, skew removal, synchronization and forward error correction. Finally based on requirement, the RTL is verified and rigorously tested to check its functionality. 
Academic Projects: 
Communication between F.P.G.A S.P.I protocol Language :- 
Verilog 
Hardware Platform :- FPGA - Spartan 6 SP605 Evaluation board 
Description :- 
Under this project we established inter-communication between two F.P.G.A boards. 
The communicating protocol being implemented is Serial Peripheral Interface (S.P.I). GPIO pins are used to communicate between the Master and the Slave, configured as : Master_Clk, MOSI, MISO and CS. 
After burning the respective codes , and establishing the required connections, communication is initiated after the toggle switch is pressed in the Master FPGA. 
All the transactions can be clearly seen through in the Chipscope which is a Logic analyser in Xilinx. 
Power Optimization Techniques 
Synthesis Tools :- 
LT Spice 
Description:- 
This project is to reduce the power consumption of a given circuit using low high 
threshold voltage values (Vth). 
First we find the critical path for 
the given circuit based on working principles of the basic gates used in the circuit (for eg. in NAND logic: the critical path 
will correspond to the condition 11 i.e. when both the NMOS transistors being in series will be ON). 
Then for the non-critical paths, we alter the process parameters say, Vth to high values 
thereby reducing the power consumption but not exceeding critical 
path delay. 
Circuit Simulator 
Synthesis Tools :- LEX and YACC 
Description :- 
The basic idea is to implement a simple compiler , that would take a source file as input in a specific format 
(Resistor, Diodes, Voltage and Current Sources) on which DC analysis is computed to generate the desired currents and voltages. From the source file, tokens would be generated by the lexical analyser. Next the corresponding tokens are parsed based on the grammar rules imposed and are converted into Modified Nodal Analysis Matrix , and finally the results are computed using the principle of Gaussian elimination methodology. 
Co-/Extra-Curricular Activities & Hobbies: 
Organizer of an event in college technical event - ROBOSOCCER 
College and School Football team 
Volunteered in several college events; major : Indian Student Parliament 
MIT Pune 
Sudoku 
Achievements: 
Qualified in Dr. Homi Bhabha Bal Vaidyanik state level competition 3rd in Samannay district level talent search competition Won 200m , 400m race, Kho-Kho, 4th in mini-marathon (5 km) GATE 2015 : 
Score 643 
AIR 1843 
Percentile 99.10% 
Personal Details: 
Nationality : Indian 
Date of Birth 
: 
18th August 1990 Place of Birth : 
Burdwan, West Bengal Languages 
: English , Hindi , Bengali Marital Status : Single 
Permanent Address : A-904 Keshav Kunj 3, 
Plot No. 19, Sector 14, Sanpada, 
Navi Mumbai, Maharashtra , 400705 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Place: Bangalore 
