CURRICULUM VITAE REMYA KRISHNAN V Address - Naidu Layout, Devarachikkanahalli Main Rd, Bommanahalli, Bengaluru, Karnataka 560076 E-mail: remyakrishnan4466@gmail.com 
Phone No: 919400403255 
Career Objective: 
To work in a challenging and dynamic environment, which gives me an opportunity to add value to the company Interested to work within the Human Resources department of a growth-oriented organization. Intend to build a career in a challenging environment as a key player with continuous focus on learning and self-improvement in all spheres. 
Upgrading knowledge by execution of vested responsibilities by the organization with loyalty and integrity. 
Certification: 
HR Generalist Certification from Salvin Info Systems 
Conceptual and practical training undergone in the following areas 
HR Operations 
Recruitment and Selection Process 
Induction and Orientation 
Performance Management 
Training and Development 
Separation Process 
Payroll Process (Software: Saral Paypack) Employee relations and engagement 
MBA Major Project :Digital Marketing Analysts in Social Media at Intellipaat 
Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd 
MBA Major Project : 
A Comparative Study of Mutual funds Performance in 
Sundaram Direct BBM Major Project: Investment Patterns and its Performance in Sundaram Direct 
Achievements: 
Educational Qualification: 
Course Board/University Percentage/CPI Year MBA(Finance) VTU 75% 2016 BBM Bangalore University 71% 2014 PUC (12th) N.B.S.E 72% 2010 SSLC(12th) N.B.S.E 52% 2008 
Project: 
Second Position in product launch Leader for NSS Activities Awarded as Merit student in academic year 
Rewarded prizes in College fest and Cultural events Nominated as Class Representative, a position that held responsibility in bridging the communication gap between my mates. 
Vocational Training: 
Company Name: 
- Sundaram Direct 
Duration: - 3 months 
Company Name: 
- Intellipaat 
Software Solutions Pvt. Ltd 
Duration: - 3 months Extra-Curricular Activities: 
Participated in Cultural activities and Business quiz. 
Participated in College fest and events and Sports activities. 
Active participation in ANPSA(All Nagaland Private School Association) competitions like group discussion, speech, debate, cultural activities in schools. 
Computer competent. Good at MS Office. 
Fast mastering of new subjects. 
High capacity to work-hard and positive attitude. 
Can effectively work on own initiative as well as part of a team. 
Competencies and Personal Skills : 
Excellent Communication and Leadership Skills Positive attitude towards work Ability to work as an Individual as well as in a Team 
Highly motivated and eager to learn and update Ability to work and deliver under pressure 
Personal Details: 
Name 
: Remya Krishnan V 
Father s Name 
: Unni Krishna Kurup 
Marital Status 
: Single 
Date of Birth 
: 22/05/1992 Languages Known 
: English, Hindi, Nagamese , Tamil and Malayalam 
Declaration: 
I, Remya Krishnan .V hereby declare that the above-mentioned details are true and complete to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Date: 
Place: Bangalore 
(Remya Krishnan .V) Strengths : 
