 Reasons for looking out of for opportunities Personal Information 
Permanent Address, 
16/37,kuruswamy street, 
Flat no 1,Ground floor, Madley road second street, T.nagar 
Chennai-600 017 
Contact No: - 09840398161 Age 
: 42 yrs 
Nationality 
: Indian 
Marital Status : Single 
Languages known 
To Read English, Tamil 
To Speak English, Tamil 
Malayalam, Hindi &Telugu 
To Write 
English, Tamil 
Can understand: Gujarathi , kannada RESUME KARTHIKEYAN. R. E-mail: r.karkey@gmail.com 
Academic Profile 
Degree Obtained Name of institution Year of passing 
B.COM 
GOVT. ARTS 
COLLEGE COIMBATORE 
1996 MBA 
(marketing) 
NATIONAL INSTITUTE OF MANAGEMENT MUMBAI (D.E) 2007 
Personality Traits 
A Dynamic leadership qualities with over 23 years of experience in the field of market research benifitting the organization and clients in multiple commitments. Highly motivated person with an ability to grasp things quickly and convert them in positive results. Aggressive, hard working and flexible. Operational rigour and people management. 
Professional Managerial Capabilities More than 23 years experience in field operations in market research. 
Ability to direct/handle research projects of any type like Estimation studies, Retail audit, Concept and product test, Mystery shopping, buyer behavior, Brand image and awareness, Pricing and branding, Customer expectation , Specialized in consumer durables, Two wheelers, Tractors, Four wheelers, Personal products , Agricultural inputs and outputs and all qualitative and quantative studies, Goal-oriented individual with strong leadership capabilities. 
Organized, highly motivated, open minded and detail-directed problem solver. Initiative taker & independent self-starter, able to work with minimal guidance Conceptual with a strong ability to implement plans Areas of Expertise Professional 
Accomplishments Credit with specific expertise General Assets 
Field operational scheduling Monitoring and controlling data collection Verification of the data to ensure accuracy of the data Budgeting and controlling cost of field operational Tested new products and services in the market for a feedback. 
Team building, motivating and training of field staff Opening up of new field centers in cities Mumbai and Gujarat 
Scheduling of field operations Co-coordinated start up operations for agency offices in Mumbai, & Gujarat 
Developed key field centers in Mumbai & Gujarat 
Spearheaded the expansion of field force across Mumbai and Gujarat increasing the manpower flow and establishing a strong and reliable field set up Increased productivity through the rationalization of field force thereby enhancing the profitability of the field department Team organization for various research projects like qualitative and quantative projects, CLT, Group discussions, panel studies, tracking studies and corporate studies Team planning and executing the same Orientation and training of people 
Good interpersonal relationship 
Good commanding personality Hard worker. 
Involvement & Commitment to learn. 
Self-motivator Confident in ability with proactive seeking of new skills and knowledge. 
Maturity and poise that evokes respect Willingness to work hands-on Able to work to deadlines and targets Extraverted and high-energy Work well with small teams Comfortable with change, able to work in a fast-paced start up environment, creative, resourceful, and achievement-oriented Key Responsibilities Other Strengths 
Interests 
Professional Employment 
History Major responsible for the entire field operations ie organizing the entire schedule of time frame, budget and quality control and till to the completion to the research team and helped them in data preparations. 
Preparing the study materials, training manuals and brief notes required for the study, given training and mock calls for the team/agents involved in the study. 
Coordinated with clients of study when and where to required to the needs. 
Responsible for setting up field force in entire south India, Mumbai, Gujarat and required places according to the need of the project. 
Responsible for monitoring and controlling data-collection and verification to ensure the requisite quality Was held routinely responsible for financial commitments, Profit and Loss and overall performance Proactive to the needs and providing direct solution to the problems Excellent written and oral communication skills Technical skills: facile with MS Office (Excel, PowerPoint, Word) 
I m a very good team player and hard worker. I ve good analytical skills. I m flexible to change myself as per the working environment. I m social and soft spoken. 
Watching Cricket & Comedy shows in Television; Listening to melodious music; Reading books and Traveling. 
From Jan 2011 till now Asst Manager, FRANCIS KANOI, Chennai 
Involved in questionnaire design, completed data checking and helping in report writing. 
Involved in marketing the completed syndicate studies and completing the sales of that report. 
Overall responsible of all field operations in South India 
Overall responsible for fieldwork on projects Training, guiding of executives, supervising freelance interviewers in projects Identifying and developing freelance team leaders Maintenance of good relationship with field agencies / freelance professionals Adherence to all rules and regulations laid by the company Submission of periodical reports and completing the projects within the budget and deadline - 
From Aug 2008 to Dec 2010 Admin Manager, Ever shine shipping services and Yogen Global services Chennai (A custom clearing agent and division of logistics). 
Overall responsible of the office administration and field operation. 
Co ordination with the clients and ensure that their cargo is cleared for delivery in time Responsible for bringing in new business to the company. 
Overall responsible for day to day activities of both the companies. 
From Aug 2008 till July 2009 Sr.Project.Manager, IPSOS INDICA RESEARCH, Chennai. Overall responsible of all field operations of field in Chennai Unit. Overall responsible for fieldwork on projects Training, guiding of executives, supervising freelance interviewers in projects Identifying and developing freelance team leaders Maintenance of good relationship with field agencies / freelance professionals Adherence to all rules and regulations laid by the company Submission of periodical reports Jan 2008 till Aug 2008 Field Controller , ABACUS RESEARCH, A division of IMRB International, Chennai 
Worked as field controller in IMRB INTERNATIONAL CHENNAI handling all kinds of market research projects, executing and completing them with Quality in given time, given budget. 
July 27, 1998 Dec 2007 Asst.Manager, FRANCIS KANOI, Chennai. 
Handled the entire field operations of the Gujarat State, Now handling the entire field operations of Mumbai for six years. And involved in managing the field operations for small projects in entire Tamil Nadu, Kerala, Karnataka and Andhra 
Pradesh. 
This involves planning to the assignment with executing and completing the project in given time with 100% quality control of the agencies by random and regular checks. 
I was individually handling the whole state of Gujarat for three years and was accountable for whole operation of fieldwork of Mumbai for six years 
Jan 1998 
May 1998 Administrator, LAXMI AUDIO VISUALS PVT LTD, Chennai Experience the life out from Market Research Solely responsible for the Administration and Co ordination with the client and sales professionals. 
Responsible for cold calling and bringing new business. 
Feb 1994 Dec 1997 Field officer, INDICA RESEARCH PVT LTD, Chennai Started as freelance investigatore in IMRB and i sharpen myself from the level of freelance investigator and climbed to different level in short span of time in Indica research. Mainly executing various types of corporate jobs,household projects 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true and correct to best of my knowledge. 
R.KARTHIKEYAN 
