Curriculum Vitae 
Bhavesh S Koshti 
Email ID- bkoshti2@gmail.com, bkoshti25@yahoo.com 
Contact No.- +91- 88666 55986, +91 8140988657 
Career Objective 
To pursue a challenging and growth oriented career in an organization that offers opportunities to learn & grow by delivering the results.To work in a firm with a professional work driven environment where I can utilize and apply my knowledge, skills which would enable me as a fresh graduate to grow while fulfilling organizational goals. 
Career Summary 
A detail oriented professional with excellent knowledge of accounts possesses rich experience of 2+ years of experience in financial planning, analysis and accounting principles. 
Admirable capacity to improve and maximize overall business and finance function integration through effective communication processes. 
Experienced in keeping the records of daily financial transactions and analyzing the financial aspects of organization. 
Innovator with creative skills and experiences to improve overall business processes. 
Personal Qualities 
Strong analytical and problem solving skills. 
Unmatchable communication skills in Written and verbal both. 
Highly trustworthy, discreet and ethical. 
Technical Skills 
Well versed with MS office (MS Word, MS Excel) 
Experienced in working on Tally ERP 9.0 Internet Savvy 
Key Responsibilities Handled 
Finalize the day's balance, and prepare and print management reports 
Investigate and reconcile discrepancies when they occur Complete accounting functions for classified transactions involving stock shares and government bond trading. 
Curriculum Vitae 
Employer 
Working as Accountant in Jatin Industries from March 2015-present 
Academia 
Certification in Tally 9.0 B.com from Gujarat University. 
Completed Import Export Course In IIIEM. 
MBA In Finance Running with Jaipur University . 
Personal Details 
Date Of Birth- 06/09/1992 
Languages Known- Hindi, English, Gujarati 
Address- A/9, Chhotakaka Park, Opp Deepmala Bunglows, Nr Cadila Bridge, Ghodasar, Ahmedabad-380050. 
Signature 
(Bhavesh S Koshti) 
