 Experienced Inside Sales with a demonstrated history of working in the services industry. Skilled in Microsoft Excel, Customer Service, Microsoft Word, Event 
Management, and Team Building. Strong sales professional with a Master of Business 
Administration (M.B.A.) focused in Marketing from International School of Management 
Excellence. 
EDUCATION 
Post Graduate Diploma in Management 
Pursuing 
International school of management excellence, Bangalore 2015-2017 Bachelor of Commerce 
Firoz Gandhi College, Rae Bareli (up) 
2012-2015 (Affiliated to Kanpur University) INFO EDGE (SHIKSHA) 
BANGALORE 28 MAR 16-10 JUN 16 Worked as an intern in INFO EDGE (shiksha) Attended client meetings Contacted potential students who have searched on shiksha portals Converted the leads 
Collected information on Mailer content writing of different colleges Learned how to work in corporate Learned how to deal with clients 
INTERNSHIP NxtGen (datacentre & cloud services) 1 APRIL 17- PRESENT 
Responsibility of receiving and sorting incoming payments with attention to credibility. 
Reconcile customer disputes as they pertain to payment of outstanding balances that are due. 
Responsible for monitoring and maintaining assigned accounts- Customer calls, account adjustments, small balance write off, customer reconciliations and processing credit memos. 
Ensure all clients remain informed on their outstanding debts and deadlines. 
Dealing with Enterprise clients for lead generation on IT service offerings- Enterprise Cloud services, On Premise datacentre, High density datacentre, Firewall services. 
Work with the respective Account Managers to develop and grow the sales pipeline to consistently meet quarterly revenue goals. 
Build and cultivate prospect relationships by initiating communications and conducting follow- up communications to move opportunities through the sales funnel. 
Communicate & follow up effectively with sales dept. regarding customer accounts on a timely basis. 
Review all invoices for appropriate documentation and approval prior to payment. 
Send invoices to appropriate recipients to inform them of payments due received or covered. 
Presentation- Conducted successful assignment & project presentations Team skills- Effectively handled a team of five members during Ad - Mudra contest at ISME. 
Adaptability- Flexible to fit in different circumstances. 
Technical skills- 
Microsoft office (word, power point, excel, mini tab) Networking and relationship building skills Knowledge of cloud services, vmware , hybrid cloud, iaas, saas. 
Won 2nd prize in creative writing competition. 
Won 2nd prize in ADD-MUDRA AT ISME 
Won 1st prize in mini-cricket (captain) Won 1st prize in ice breaker (game) Won 1st prize in inter school dance competition. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
SKILLS AND STRENGTHS ACHIVEMENTS 
Active participation in basketball, kho-kho, volleyball, cricket and athletics held during school 
Active participation in MISS FRESHER S competition at ISME 
Participated in ADVERTISEMENT PREMIER LEAGUE DJ on fresher s day at ISME 
Management of Events 
Date of Birth: 
3 March 1994 
Languages Known: 
English, Hindi PresentAddress: 
Big Filed Residency, Beml layout, Kundalahalli, Bangalore - 560037 Permanent address - Village - Kothi Ganga Ganj, Post - Ganga Ganj 
Rae Bareli - 229001(UP) 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Place: 
Date: Signature 
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES PERSONAL DETAILS 
