ALPESH KAVAD 
Email: kavadalpesh3@gmail.com 
Phone: +91-7405769914 Professional Summary 
I am working as Junior Civil Engineer since July 2016. My current responsibilities are to manage all the RCC work progress related to site. I am also responsible for follow up on entire RCC work including Steel Inspection, Dimensions of Beam Inspection as well as Column Dimension Inspection. 
Experience Details 
Junior Engineer under Ravi Buildcon for S.R.Buildcon Project since July 2016. 
Responsibilities: Management of all RCC work progress related to site. Also responsible for follow up on entire RCC work including Steel Inspection, Dimensions of Beam Inspection as well as Column Dimension Inspection. 
Technical Skills AutoCAD, Leadership, Project Management, Team work Education Details 
Semester Sem V Sem VI Sem VII Sem VIII SPI 6.30 6.77 7.10 8.37 Bachelor of Engineering - Civil, 7.14 CGPA, GTU 2016 ,Ahmedabad Institute of technology, Ahmedabad 
Gujarat secondary and Higher secondary Education Board, 51.68%, 2012. 
Gujarat Secondary Education Board, 78%, 2010. 
Academic Project 
Analysis of Flexible pavement by using waste plastic Material o Plastic roads are found to perform better than ordinary roads and therefore use of plastic road construction has gained importance these days. 
o Disposal of waste plastic bags has become a serious problem and waste plastics are burnt for disposal which causes environmental pollution. 
o Utilization of waste plastic bituminous mixes has proved that these enhance the properties of mix in addition to solving disposal problems. 
o Waste like plastic bottles, polymers, cups, etc. can be re-used by powdering or blending it with crusher and can be coated over aggregate and bitumen by any heating process. 
o This paper describes the various aspects of utilization of plastic waste in construction of roads. 
Area of Interest 
Construction field as well as structure & transportation Personal Information 
Date of Birth: 7th June 1995 
Marital Status : Unmarried Languages known: English, Hindi, Gujarati Hobbies: 
Playing Volleyball, Solve Puzzle , Watching Movie 
Nationality: Indian 
Residential Address: 45, Near Mukhya bazaar Kundaliyala-365560, Tal-Rajula, Dist- Amreli. 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above all information are of me and contains true and fair facts. 
Yours faithfully Alpesh Kavad 
