education
 
NIFT,New Delhi 
Textile Design & Development (1997-1999) skills/tools Adobe Photoshop 
Coral Draw 
NED-GRAFIX international fairs/cities Heimtextil-Frankfurt 
Houseware fair-Hongkong 
Canton Fair-China 
Ambiente-Frankfurt 
Maison de Object-Paris 
Christmas World-Frankfurt 
Ashok Kumar sangwan.ashok@rediffmail.com 9717976450 New DelhiI experience Strategic Sourcing Solutions (3S) Buying House Noida 
June 2009 - PresentSr.Textile designer 
I 
I 
Guiding designers to develop home & fashion collections on client s brief. 
Planning bedding, table and Kitchen collections for international textile fairs. 
Study of Trend directions through forecast books and magazines. 
Attending client meetings for the development of customized seasonal stories. 
Planning booth layouts,product shoots,catalogues and promo materials. 
Associating with marketing and merchandising teams on client briefs and enquiries. 
Maintaining an archive of designs,fabric swatches,washes and qualities. 
Vendor base - Delhi, Panipat, Agra, Moradabad, Jaipur, Jodhpur, Ahemdabad 
Mumbai, Karur and Kerala 
Clients - DEPOT, Impressionen, STRAUSS Innovation, FOX, Golf,Gilbert 
MDM, KARE DESIGNS, Trends, Home Dynamics, Sun Garden 
KHG , XXX-Lutz ,OTC, Kids, Divino, Z-Gallery,LIPO, Kibek, Loberon. 
Bharat Exim International 
I 
Noida 
Head Designer IMarch 02 - Nov.05 Nov 07 - May 09 I 
Planning and executing new collections for up coming exhibitions. 
Spearheading a team of designers in forecasting and developing collections using wovens, screen-printing and surface embellishment techniques. 
Designing costomised range of home-textile products for living,bed and bath,table and kitchen on clients seasonal brief. 
Frequent travelling to national and international meetings and fairs. 
Develop and manage the design archive and updating the design library from trend books and market research. 
Clients - Euro-deco, Studio-lanarte, SIMPLEC, UOCR, Trends, WORLD-TREND, Kaufland, Apple Tree, POCCO,Zoepritz and 
KARE DESIGN, KHG,Lippo. 
Arvind Mills Ltd. | Shirting Business Division 
Design Manager I Nov. 05 - Oct 07. 
Holding accounts of Esprit and Ann Taylor. 
Worked for Allen solly , Louis Phillip and Excaliber. 
Developed stories for S/S-08, Arvind Studio Collection. 
Planning meetings with clients and holding presentations of collections. 
Associating with marketing team on design briefs and inquiries. 
| Ahemdabad 
Fashion HomeITextile Designer I 
I 
Tex-cad core competencies Trend forecasting Market Analysis 
Range Building 
Event Management 
Product design & Development 
Team Player & Leadership 
Innovator/Creative 
Auto-CAD 
Communicator 
London, Milan, Barcelona 
Fashion print collections based on trends and buyer s moodboards. special projects Print Project 
Peter Lees 
Central St. Martin 
Weaving Module 
Lorna Birchum 
Chelsea College of Arts 
Photography Module 
Shailen Parker 
Pushpsons International 
Designer/merchandiser I May 00 - March 02. 
Development of woven / printed home-furnishing colln s with coordinated rugs. 
Managing and executing designs, experimenting with new fabrics, techniques. 
Coordinating with merchants to close the buyer s enquiries. 
Developing ideas and swatches (woven and prints) as per season and trends. 
Planning booth for domestic and international textile fairs. 
| Okhla 
Rupayan 
Jr.Designer I May 99 -April 00. 
Development of block printed women s wear -Tops,shirts & Kurti. 
Managing and executing designs, experimenting with new fabrics, technique. 
Exploring the traditional techniques of Block prints - Dabu and Bagru. 
Developing ideas and swatches (woven and prints) as per season and trends.. Planning booth for domestic and international textile fairs. 
| Jaipur 
Coordinated block printed ladies Bags and Scarves . 
Interior Design 
Hugo Passin 
Central St. Martin clients 
