Rupesh Kumar Sahu 
DIGITAL MARKETING TEAM LEAD 
14th main, BTM, Bengaluru 910-863-4208 krrupeshsahu@gmail.com 
Professional Profile 
Digital Marketer with 2 years experience Proven success in developing innovative, highly measurable SEO programs and ensuring flawless execution. Adept at consistently improving search rankings through content marketing, strategic partnerships, keyword research and an unswerving focus on leading edge strategies. 
Recent projects include carrying out influencer outreach and blogger outreach program to build links. And improving CTR through Featured snippet 
Personal traits: Hard-working, reliable (exceptional attendance and punctuality), creative, innovative, technologically savvy, and quick to learn new skills. 
Follow me on LinkedIn (https://www.linkedin.com/in/rupeshsahu/). 
Skills: 
Project Management Team Leadership 
Training 
Keyword Research Google Analytics Social Media 
Link Building 
Blogging 
Site Auditing 
Content Marketing 
Copywriting 
Web Design 
Career History 
REMO SOFTWARE., Bengaluru 6/2016 to Present 
Digital Marketing Team Lead 
Promoted to build and manage an innovative team who can explore new channels of marketing to drive revenue. Quickly introduced management to blogging as a means to increase the reach of the brand and develop leads. Devised/ implemented comprehensive social media strategy, content marketing strategy & link building strategy. 
Overview: Drove a 66% increase in organic traffic at a minimal cost, with at least 40% of current sales being directly attributed to the search engine. Played a key role in hiring and training of a new innovative team. 
Rejuvenated company s blogging strategy, focusing on tech tips, how-to guides and infographics for individuals. Earned quality links from Wikipedia and some major publishing houses from content marketing. 
Persuaded management to move focus from PBN to natural ways of link earning, like email outreach, building relationships, engaging in communities etc Grew Twitter following from 500 to 1,116, devised a social media strategy, publishing schedule and handed over the duties to social media specialists. 
Crafted google app store content for Remo Duplicate Photos Remover, which has got 100k Downloads, till date. 
Created company s first email template to complement influencer and blogger outreach project. 
Rupesh Kumar Sahu 
PAGE 2 REMO SOFTWARE, Bengaluru 7/2015 to 6/2016 SEO Analyst 
Recruited as SEO trainee for the company before earning promotion to manage a team of 6 to carry out 
SEO activities for microsites. Created and managed designing of web pages for the company. 
Created SEO Program for microsites and PBNs that drives 30% of the revenue in the first year and continued to drive revenue gains over the following year. 
Single handily managed Press Release activities for the company during a product launch. 
Delivered number 1 Google ranking on highly desirable search phrase for company s MOV repair product. 
Contributed to devise/ implement a Google Panda/ Penguin Recovery program to uplift a site that had been hit before. 
Technical Skills 
OS: Microsoft Windows, Microsoft Windows Server 
Software: Microsoft Office (Excel, Outlook, PowerPoint, Word); Microsoft Exchange Server, Adobe 
Acrobat Professional, Dreamweaver 
SEO Tools: Google Analytics, Google Search Console, Google Keyword Planner, SEMrush, Majestic 
SEO, Xenu, Screaming Frog, Clicky 
Social Media/Blogging: LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, Google+, Pinterest, Stumble Upon, WordPress, Blogger. 
Web Programming: HTML, CSS, Education 
Bachelor of Engineering, Major: Electrical & Electronics 
VVCE, Mysore (2013) graduated With first division 
Ongoing professional studies in web marketing, social media, and analytics. 
