SIVA.M Mobile: +91 
8973220680 
E-mail:sivasivmca@gmail.com 
OBJECTIVE 
Seeking a carrier in Computer Hardware & Networking industry that needs innovation, creativity, dedication and enable me to work in a challenging and fast paced environment, Leveraging my current knowledge and fostering creativity with many learning opportunity. 
Professional Experience: 
Company : Faststream Technologies Pvt Ltd 
Period : April 2016 to till date 
Designation 
: Network and System Engineer 
Responsibilities in Faststream: 
Troubleshooting & maintaining computer Hardware peripherals. 
Installation of operating systems like Linux, Win 2003 Server, Win 2008 server and Win XP Professional, Windows 7 and Vista along with other applications. 
Implementing domain and assign user permissions based on the priority.. 
Installing Active Directory Services in Win 2003 and Win 2008 Server. 
Administrating Desktops, Thin client, Laptops and Peripherals. 
Installing, managing, troubleshooting Windows component. 
Installing & updating of Antivirus softwares like Symantec. 
Providing the desktop and LAN support for the Network. 
Configuring and managing Switches. Configuration and troubleshooting of Wireless network connections. 
Network Configuration & Troubleshooting LAN & WLAN. 
Installation and configuration of Win2003 server & handling the thin client Server. Installation, Maintenance and Troubleshooting of PCs and Local, Shared and Network Printers. 
Configuring and Maintaining of Access Points. 
Responsible for designing, organizing, modifying, and supporting a company's computer systems.. Support LANs, WANs, network segments, Internet, and intranet systems. 
Maintain system efficiency. 
Ensure design of system allows all components to work properly together. 
Troubleshoot problems reported by users. 
Installation and maintenance of desktop systems, thin-clients, printers, network hardware, system hardware, operating system and application software. 
Router installation in first level Resolved system and end-users problems. 
Trouble shooting the all server and router related issue. 
All Outlook issues like configuring the mailbox, creating and adding PST to mailbox, repairing the corrupted PST's Troubleshooting the all software related issue. 
Assigning NTFS files and folders Trouble shooting of desktop and Printers 
Giving support on hardware and software related complaints 
Responsible for maintaining the Desktops 
Supports for the application packages like MS office etc Rectify all printer related complaints Remote support access 
Professional Experience: 
Company : I4 Communications pvt. Ltd 
Period : August 2015 to April 2016 
Designation 
: Network Support Engineer 
Client : Robert Bosch Engineering and Business Solutions Ltd, Coimbatore-India. 
Responsibilities in BOSCH: 
Installing OS through network and troubleshooting Support new user to configuring basic software and outlook and etc. 
Remote support to client using net meeting 
Static Ip allocations based on requesters Basic level troubleshooting for switches/routers Monitoring and health checkup for network/server on daily basis and reported to SPOC 
New printer configuration and installation and basic troubleshooting 
Configuring FTP and share the file through FileZilla All network related tickets handling through Remedy 
Maintaining repository and add/delete the files as per migrations Configure Avaya and Polycom Phone and first level troubleshooting Bit locker encryption for laptops, managing master account administration and instructing users on data security. 
Co-ordination with vendor for hardware impacts 
Upgrading the HP server hardwares based on the request. 
Update anti-virus and handling virus related issues 
LAN and Wi-Fi problem related ticket 
Professional Experience: 
Company : KOGUNADU ARTS AND SCIENCE COLLEGE 
Period 
: JUNE 2011 to JUNE 2012 
Designation : COMPUTER LAB TECHNICIAN 
Responsibilities: 
Installation and Maintenance of Windows XP, Windows 7 and Server 2008. 
Assembling and maintenance of computers and peripherals. 
Configuring Network and Internet connections. 
Sharing resources. (Printers, scanners, Multifunction units etc..) 
Troubleshooting of Software and hardware related issues. 
Installation of various Software Applications and Utilities. 
Networking Set Up, Configuration & Installation. 
Installation of Antivirus and updating the patches. 
PERSONAL PROFILE 
Excellent communication and interpersonal skills. 
Proactive and competent person. 
Focused, hard working and self-confident. 
Quick learner, keen to learn new skills and excellent ability to adapt with new changes. 
Able to prioritize and handle multiple tasks. 
Ability to work well in both a team environment and individual environment. 
ACADEMICS 
Bachelor of Computer science in kongunadu arts and science Coimbatore 
Master of computer application in Kumaraguru College of technology, Coimbatore. 
PERSONAL DETAILS. 
Fathers Name : Mr. K.Murugeasan. 
Date of Birth : 21-05-1991 
Sex : Male 
Marital Status : Single 
Languages Known : English & Tamil 
Permanent Address : 1/225, T.Pudur, PE.Thathampatti (PO), Papiratipatti (TK), Dharamapuri(DT). 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the information given above is true, complete and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
SIVA M 
Signature 
