 SHAIK AZEEZ (M): +919703604790
| shaikazeez90@gmail.com (mailto:shaikazeez90@gmail.com) HYDERABAD, INDIA. 
Professional Summary: 
Having 2 years of part time experience in Networking, Seeking a position to utilize my skills and abilities in the Information Technology Industry a job where growth prospects are unlimited and individuality is recognized by work, and achieve professional satisfaction by meeting higher responsibilities by involving in competent work areas. 
Technical Expertise: 
Operating Systems: 
Windows Platform (W2k3, W2k8, Win7.Windows 8), Ms Office. 
Networks: LAN, WAN. 
Routing Protocols: 
Static Routing, Dynamic Routing (RIP, RIPV2, EIGRP, OSPF, BGP), Static Default Routing. 
Switching: VLAN, Trunk, VTP, Port Security, Inter VLAN Routing, Ether Channel, HSRP, GLBP. 
Network Services: DHCP, DNS, SNMP, SYSLOG, NTP, SSH, NET FLOW, IOS BACKUP, VPN, HOSTS, TCP/IP 
Security: Access-list. 
Certification and Training: 
Certified in Cisco certified network associate (CCNA 200-120) routing and switching. ID# CSCO12810105 
Trained in Cisco certified network professional Zoom Technologies, Hyderabad 
Work History: Desktop Support Engineer 
10/ 2012 To 04/2014 University Of Bedfordshire- London, United Kingdom 
Perform daily system monitoring, verifying the integrity and availability of all hardware, server resources, systems and applications, reviewing system and application logs Establishing system specifications by conferring with users; analyzing workflow, access, information, and security requirements Establishing system by planning and executing the selection, installation, configuration, and testing of PC and server hardware, software, LAN and WAN networks, and operating and system management systems; defining system and operational policies and procedures 
Troubleshooting the devices if any problem exits. 
Education: 
Master of Science: computer networking University of Bedfordshire-London 04/14-06/12 Bachelor of Technology: Electronics and communication engineering 
VIF College of Engineering and Technology-Hyderabad 07/07-06/11 
Interests: 
Listening songs 
Bike racing Watching automobiles shows Interpersonal Skills : Excellent Communication Skills 
Quick Learner 
Great team Player Can do / Will do attitude Taking Ownership of the problem Proactive attitude to work 
Willing to Relocate 
Personal Information: 
Nationality : Indian 
Religion : Islam 
Marital status : single Date of birth : 12-dec-1990 Languages known : English, Hindi and Telugu 
Driving License : Valid Indian 
Reference: 
I will furnish promptly upon request. 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the above information furnished is true to the best of my knowledge and behalf. 
SHAIK AZEEZ 
