Sunit .Veeranna.PolicePatil Email-Id:sunitpatil47@gmail.com 
Ph.NO:+919591700207 
Career Objective: 
To work in challenging environment that provides opportunity to learn key technology areas, be an effective team player in developing projects and to be an asset for the organization by delivering to the best of my capabilities. 
Work Experience: 
2years 1month experience in complete Software Development Life Cycle as well as in WEB 
Development. 
Glocal Gurus Pvt Ltd. 
Place: Kormangala, Bangalore 
Period: may 2016 to Till Date 
Designation: UI Developer 
Professional Experience: 
1) GlocalGurus 
It s also e-commerce website where we can get details of the all type of machine, In this project there are six model each model tells full details of the machine there are store, Industry, community, professional, services, events this all models help us to buy the machines. 
2) 
CRM PROJECT CRM..is based on customer relationship management, it manage the customer relationship with company.It takes the leads based on customer interest which is collected by campaigns and other advertisements . It manage the customer accounts,new opportunities for sales,products of company, customer orders, service contracts and cases. 
3) NxtStepZEduConnect Pvt Ltd. 
This project is a social educational, networking site and use to create posts, share photos and update the connected friend timeline with matching posts based on the search criteria of the user. The user activities have likes, comments functionality and all activities are converted to profile score. This page shows the profile score of the person and he can see the activities of the members and he can also post. 
4) 
School Project:- 
Implemented major modules such as student module, teacher module and admin module. 
Which help the students in such a way that they can know information about class timing, holiday, events. They also help parents have discussion with teachers. In addition, students can discuss about subjects among them. 
Technical Exposure: 
Languages: HTML5, CSS3, jquery, javascript , Converting PSD to HTML 
Frameworks: 
Semantic UI, Bootstrap. 
Tools: Brackets , Eclipse , Sublime. 
Educational Qualification and Details: 
MCA in Basaveshwar Engineering College (Autonomous), Bagalkot, with aggregate 6.92 (CGPA), Pass out Batch 2014. 
BCA in S.B College Gulbarga,& Gulbarga University Gulbarga, with aggregate for 60.47%, Pass out Batch 2011. 
Personal Details: 
Name: 
Sunit V PolicePatil 
Father Name: Veeranna PolicePatil 
Languages Known: English, Kannada, Hindi 
Permanent Address: Veeranna PolicePatil, #908, 9th.A.cross Near MODI Hospital, West Of Cord Road Bangalore-560086. 
Declaration: 
I Sunit.V.PolicePatil hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Place: Bangalore 
Date: 
(SUNIT.V.POLICEPATIL) 
