Kanchan Panhalkar 
Address : J-302, Venus Parkland Vejalpur, Ahmedabad- 380051 (India) Ph:+91-76007-17047, E-mail:kanchanp.rakhe@gmail.com, CAREER Objective 
To lead the HR Management initiatives of a company and make maximum growth of organization by combining my academic qualifications, practical skills and industry experience. 
Aspiring more challenging career opportunities in Human Resource 
Domain in a highly reputed organization. 
Core Competencies: 
Recruitment , Employee Engagement 
Joining Formalities Payroll (Leave management to disbursement) Talent Acquisition HR data management Knowledge of Performance Appraisal PF, ESIC ,PT etc HR Policy Formulation F&F General Administration Exit process. 
Profile Summary: 
A passionate HR professional with good experience in the areas of Recruitment, Selection, Joining Formalities, Employee Engagement, Leave & Attendance Management, MIS, PMS, Payroll Coordination, Statutory Compliance, HR Policies, F&F , General Administrations. 
The journey so far has been excellent. I have been exposed to most of the HR functions where Payroll Management & Employee Engagement has become my core expertise. I have learned how HR makes a difference to business and what important roles HR plays for growth of a business. 
Professional Experience 
Metro Telworks Pvt. ltd. ( Ahmedabad) from Aug 15 Present 
Krishna Space Real Estate (Ahmedabad) from Feb 13- Aug 14 
Pay Square Consultancy Ltd. ( Pune) March 12- Dec 12 M/s Chadda Enterprises (Dewas) July 2006 to March 2009 
Key Responsibilities Handled: 
Coordinate with Manager to understand recruitment requirements Figure out various effective channels of recruitment and build network to ensure the same. 
Think Out of the Box to attract more candidates to apply for the job 
Recruitment and Selection Conduct telephonic interviews at first level to shortlist Coordinate with interviewer panel for taking interviews and finalizing candidates Conducting background check process for new joiners Taking care of joining formalities of New Joiners 
Joining & Induction Designed a structured Induction program for all new joiners Responsible for New joiner s orientation and induction Gathering employee feedback and presenting to management with Employee Relations Activities suggestions Handling employee Grievances 
Mentoring and Counseling employees Ensure that appraisals are initiated and done on time Liaise with appraise and appraiser to ensure proper appraisal process Compensation, Appraisals and Issuing Appraisal Letter after coordinating with management Benefits 
Calculate and ensure that salaries are done on time and salary related issue of employees is resolved by management on time Manage all organizational events Event Management Activities Organize activities on all the festivals like Diwali, Christmas, Independence Day etc. 
Handle all employee resignation & Calculation of F&F settlement . 
Resignation & Exit Employee Retention 
Welcome the visitors and prospective candidates being the face of organization 
HR Administration Maintain proper profiles of all the employees and keep a track of their improvements, training needs, acquired skills etc. 
Keep track of leaves, holidays and attendance 
Education: 
Post-Graduation, Executive MBA (HR) from Institute Of Management Studies Collage, D.A.V.V. University Indore in Year 2011-13 . 
Graduation B.Com With Computer from S.C.M.K.V.M. College, Indore in Year 2006 from D.A.V.V. University (Indore) . 
12 th (Higher Secondary School Certificate examination) in 2003 from SVM School 
Dewas. 
Computer Skilles: 
Microsoft Office 2007 - Word, Excel, and PowerPoint Attendance Software Precision, ERP 
E-Mailing tools-MS Outlook, Windows Outlook, Yahoo and Google 
Personal Details: 
Name 
: Mrs. Kanchan Panhalkar 
Husband s name : 
Mr. Mayur Rakhe. 
Father s Name : 
Mr. Kishor Panhalkar 
Mother s Name 
: Mrs. Kirti Panhalkar 
Date of birth 
: 1-june-1987 Language Known : 
Hindi, English, Marathi Marital status : Married. 
Nationality 
: Indian. 
