UTTAM KUMAR PRAMANIK 
Contact No= +918197989053, Home= +919735063084 
Email: 
Pramanik.uttam1986@rediffmail.com 
CAREER SUMMARY 
A result orientated Market Research Analyst with experience of conducting, analyzing and interpreting customers, competitors and products across the marketing spectrum on customer segmentations and product categories. Passionate about providing quality, cutting edge research and have an understanding of the complex profile of consumers and how business can tap directly into their living, habits, aspirations and attitudes through creativity, compassion, collaboration and curiosity. 
AREA OF EXPERTISE 
Product Analysis Consumer/Customer Research 
Competitive Analysis 
Primary & Secondary Research 
Report Writing 
Field Surveys 
Competitive Intelligence Brand Management 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Kreatio Software Pvt Ltd Bangalore, India 
Marketing Analyst 
March 2016 to till date 
Key Responsibilities: 
1. Design surveys that identify consumer preferences and prospective markets for products. 
2. Conducting primary and secondary research on Retail and Media industry. 
3. Continuously gathered and interpreted data on new and emerging competitors. 
4. Processing and analyzing raw data into reports for senior managers. 
5. Defining target markets and opportunities within them. 
6. Developed a systematic framework for searching for and gathering information related to the research topic. 
Quess Corp Ltd (Ikya Human Capital Solution Ltd) 
Bangalore, India Market Research Analyst 
March 2015 - March 2016 
Key Responsibilities: 1. Written client-ready summaries and reports - with a focus on good compelling organization of information, clear and concise language that outlines key issues relevant to the research objectives and business issues. 
2. Designing effective questionnaires based on activity objectives and market knowledge. 3. Researched industry and global markets for potential clients and vendors to start aluminum and gravity die casting company in India. 
4. Work as a secret shopper (Mystery Shopper) on Indian Ready-to-Cook manufacturing industry to observe and measure customer service, product quality and the general environment of their establishments. 
5. Conducted primary and secondary research on FMCG, Staffing and Die casting industry. 
Netzealous LLC (Division of Nichepro Technologies) 
Bangalore, India Research Associate January 2012 March 2015 
Key Responsibilities: 1. Gather data of competitors and analyze their cost generation scaling strategy, sales, and methods of marketing and distribution. 
2. Analyzed data using both quantitative and qualitative methods. 
3. Strong knowledge of using the information resources such as search engines websites, surveys, industry associations, academic journals, publications etc. 
4. Designing or assisting in the development of questionnaires and moderator guides to ensure the necessary data captured. 
5. Comprehend and analyze and harmonize quantitative information in different information sources, Hoovers, Factiva, Gartner, Lexis-Nexis, Mintel, Forrester etc. 
6. Collect and analyze data on customer demographics, preferences, and needs, to identify potential markets and factors affecting product demand. 
Key Skills and Competencies: 
Strong analytical thinker. 
Confident telephone manner and face to face skills when doing research. 
Comprehensive knowledge of Word, Excel, PowerPoint Following 'best practice' in research design and documentation. 
Ability to work in a structured and organized manner. 
Confidently communicate market research insights to influence business Decisions. 
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATION 
Education University Year of Passing 
PG - Diploma in Marketing 
Bachelors of Arts 
ST. Joseph College Of Commerce 
University of North Bengal 2015 2007 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Date of Birth 
1st October, 1986 
Gender Male 
Language English, Hindi, Bengali 
Marital Status Single 
Present address 
No 19, 2nd Cross, Anajanaya Nagar, BSK 3rd Stage, Bangalore - 560085 
Permanent Address 
Girls 
College Para, North Chalk Bhabani, Balurghat, Dist- South Dinajpur, State- West 
Bengal-733101 
DECLARATION 
I do hereby declare that the above mentioned facts are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Thanking you, 
Date: 
Yours faithfully 
Place: Bangalore 
[Uttam Kumar Pramanik] 
