Srikanth Panaman 
Product Manager, Startup Advisor with 13 yrs experience srikanth.panaman@gmail.com 9740010635 Bangalore India 
SUMMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS 
I'm a product management consultant and a startup advisor, with 13 years of experience in the software industry. While I've always been a 'product guy', over the years I've also played critical roles in technology, program & project management, with experience in entrepreneurship and incubation. 
Since 2009, I have paid most attention towards startups and medium sized businesses. My role typically is to give shape to the functional and technological requirements of the products, provide high-level advice and direction where needed, set up high-performance Agile teams that are often across locations, and to finally oversee the execution of these projects. My role brings together the business, UI/UX, and the tech teams. 
I take pride in driving the vision, strategy, design, and execution of my products. Driving these four elements of the products, and not necessarily owning, is key in my style of work. 
I build teams and products from scratch, and that is an ideal environment for me to thrive in. 
At a semi-professional level, I also play guitars in a hard rock and heavy metal band called Bevar Sea. Founded by yours truly in 2008, Bevar 
Sea has two internationally well-received albums out and performs live semi-regularly, allowing members to pursue regular jobs while keeping the passion for music intact. Bevar Sea has carved its niche in the heavy rock and metal circles and has been covered in major publications in India and abroad. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Product Manager | athenahealth | Bangalore, Boston | From Sep 2016 to present 
I'm a part of the new R&D center in Bangalore that works with stakeholders in Watertown, MA. 
Product owner for athenahealth.com and related web properties. 
Product owner for a social networking based project which is at the PoC stage. 
Product owner for the status monitoring system for all athenahealth properties. 
Keywords: Agile, JIRA, Confluence, Sitecore, Drupal, Node.js, Eloqua, Salesforce, Omniture, Adobe Target 
Startup Advisor, Product Consultant | Multiple Clients | Bangalore | From Sep 2009 to present 
What I do can be encapsulated in the points below: 
- startup and business plan consultation - product management - technology & outsourcing relationship management - project management 
I have extensive experience working on cloud-based enterprise web apps, e-commerce and CMS solutions, and mobile apps across various industries. I spend my time building and running Agile teams and executing projects from scratch, and sometimes in taking over existing projects for further enhancements or overhaul. 
Throughout these years I have worked with start-ups and established companies, I have grown to have a deep understanding of business as well as technology which was my original background. When I am commissioned to work in an industry that is new to me, and it happens often, I do not hesitate to step up and learn quickly. 
After following traditional project management methods for many years with mixed results, I am thrilled to have transitioned into running my projects based on the Agile Methodology with far better results and client satisfaction. This usually does involve a fair bit of mentoring and coaching for all the stakeholders. 
During this period as a consultant for hire, I have had my own development teams under the SFDLabs banner, and have often collaborated with BlueHorse Software, a fledgling Kolkata-based outfit, in the past three years on various projects. 
Computer & IT, Project Management, Software Development 
Employee, Freelance, Temporary 
Full-Time, Part-Time, Flexible Schedule, Alternative Schedule, Occasional, Seasonal 
Mostly Telecommuting 
Immediately 
Weekdays 40 Flexible Schedule, Part-Time Schedule, Telecommuting, Freelancing Job 
Yes 4,000.00 USD / Monthly 
Manager 
Some College 
Keywords: web apps, mobile apps, iOS, Android, CMS, ecommerce, Magento, Yii2, Laravel, Joomla, Drupal, Wordpress, Agile, JIRA, Confluence 
CTO/co-founder | SFDLabs | Bangalore | From Jun 2010 to May 2013 
SFDLabs built Intelligent CMS based websites and web apps for communities, e-commerce, businesses, intranets, events, sports coaching, and more. We did exclusive projects for companies in Europe and took on other projects as well. I built and ran a team of 20+
LAMP stack developers and designers. 
Keywords: Joomla!, Wordpress, Core PHP, web apps, CMS, social networks, e-commerce. 
Product Manager | OnMobile | Bangalore | From Jun 2005 to Aug 2009 
Worked as a product manager in the infotainment vertical and in other assorted positions. Honed my skills as a product management professional and worked with various stakeholders, both internal and external and helped build, launch, and run products. 
Senior Technical Support Engineer | Mphasis | Bangalore | From Jun 2004 to Jun 2005 
My first job was to fix Americans' broadband connectivity issues on the phone. It was fun, got me my share of incentives because I knew my computers really well, and I even got a senior's position within months. It was a great way to get my work life started. EDUCATION 
Edinburgh Business School | Bangalore | From May 2017 to Jul 2019 Area of Study/Major: MBA LANGUAGES 
English Proficiency: Fluent 
JOB SEARCH DETAILS 
Categories of Interest: 
Job Types: 
Schedules: 
Level of Telecommuting: 
Start Date: 
Availability: 
Maximum Hours/Week: 
Job Flexibility Preferences: 
Willing to Travel: 
Salary & Benefits: 
Career Level: 
Highest Education Level: 
