 Rakshitha.B.L 
Mail Id:rakshitha162@gmail.com 
Mob: 9964301067 1 SUMMARY 
Professional with more than 7 years of experience in a backend and operations in NBFC and Banking sector s, Currently associated with Kotak Mahindra Bank Pvt. Ltd as Assistant manager. 
Achieved business target of 30 Lakhs in Dec-2015 and 1 Cr in Dec-2016. Also received an appreciation as a best performer and winner of grand master contest. 
Proven ability to assume challenging roles, perform in highly visible positions, and work under pressure to meet deadlines and produce strong sustainable results. 
JOB EXPERIENCE KOTAK MAHINDRA BANK Pvt Ltd Assistant Manager 
Feb 14 
Till Date 
Having experience in channel tie-ups and cross selling. 
Verifying of KYC & CIBIL for gold loan customers. 
Preparing approval sheets. 
Valuation for gold and calculation of interest. 
Handled recovery of interest collection all over Karnataka. 
Managing for all the reports to be sent from the branch. 
Responsible for sending regular repayment follow-ups to the customer and maintaining customer relationship. 
Handling internal control procedures with respect to gold loan. 
Personal presence at the time of shifting of gold pledges to strong room at the end of the day for effective supervision. 
Safekeeping of relevant security & collaterals including gold and other relevant documents. 
INDIA INFROLINE PVT LTD Assistant Manager 
Sep 11 
Feb 
14 Preparing M.I.S. Calculation of gold loan percentage based on company norms Calculation of interest on Accounts Receivables. 
Maintaining Books of Accounts and cash section Selling an insurance policy s Manage daily operations of the branch & staff. 
To appraise the gold in jewelry to be pledged by the customer. 
Rakshitha.B.L 
Mail Id:rakshitha162@gmail.com 
Mob: 9964301067 2 Muthootfincorp Customer service executive 
Nov 10 Sep 11 
Responsible for Handling walk in customers explaining them about the products. 
Target achievement for different products of the Company. 
Handling incoming making outgoing calls Customer relationship management Maintaining data in CRM Software and generating reports. 
Other administrative day-to-day activities. 
Handling the Cash section Maintaining Books of Accounts Passing of day-to-day payment vouchers. 
Achieving assigned targets Selling an gold coins KEY SKILLS 
Ability to multi-task and multi department works and also works under cross functional department. 
Strong attention to detail and communication skills. 
Excellent organizational and time management skills. 
Good computer skills, including use of standard office software programs including spreadsheet, word processing, and email applications. Ability to quickly learn to use new software tools and hardware technologies. 
Ensure training activity for customers regarding service. 
EDUCATION& PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS 
University Name: Mysore University. 2013 
Course Name: [M.Com] [Master of Commerce] University Name: Bangalore University. 2009 
Course Name: [B.Com] [Bachelor of Commerce] LANGUAGE KNOWN 
Read and write: English, Kannada. 
Speak: Kannada, English, Telugu, and Hindi. 
DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Date: 
Place: Bangalore 
