 Dear Recruiter, Greeting to you . 
I am writing to enquire if you have any vacancies in your Prestige Organization. Here I have enclosed My CV for your Kind 
Information. 
I have completed my Master Degree MSc - Psychology in Bangalore University with an aggregate of 64% & awaiting for final Semester result. And am having good knowledge in Patient Training, Counselling, Diagnosis, Interpersonal Skills, documentation and Keeping patient data organized in form of charts and tables. 
I would like to be a part of your reputed firm, where I can utilize my skills, knowledge & talent. This would be the right opportunity and I strongly believe that if given a chance I will prove myself and contribute to the growth & success of the organization. 
If you would like to get in touch to discuss my application or to arrange an Interview, you can kindly contact me in email alluarjun408@gmail.com & Mobile No: 97386 86938. 
I look forward to hearing from you soon. 
Yours Sincerely, Arjun Srinivasa alluarjun408@gmail.com 
(+ 91) 97386 86938 Arjun Srinivasa 
Pschologyist - Fresher 
Communication Skills , Compassion, Emotional Stability, Interpersonal Skills, Patience, Trustworthiness 
Academic Project : 
Project Title: Personality correlates of Forgiveness . 
Description of the Project : To Study the Personality Correlates of Forgiveness among MSc Post Graduate students in Bangalore university 
Profile Summary 
Confidence 
Possitive Thinking / Approching Patient Training 
Counselling Communication 
Patience 
Interaction Skills Interpersonal Relationship 
Having good knowledge in Treated clients with psychological disorders. 
2012 +2 
From Government Collage , Kamasamudram - Bangalore - 563 129. 
Education 
Other Skill 
Open - mindedness 
Key Skills 
Expertise in diagnosing, identifying and treating various psychological conditions. 
Compassion 
Proficiency in conducting surveys pertaining to human brain function and behavior. 
Expertise in collecting patient information through interviews,observations, tests and surveys. 
Knack for helping people especially in dealing with their personal issues. 
Particularly effective in taking detailed case histories & Documenting the same as per 
APA Standards. 
Proven Skills in keeping patient data organized in form of Charts and tables. 
Skill in creating programs that help address psychological issues in campuses and workplaces Ability to detect patterns that enables me to predict and understand the behavior and behavior. 
Adeptness in creating and implementing patient treatment plans. 
Ability to diagnose any condition in the DSM-IV. 
Dedication for work and passion to succeed. 
Confidentiality 
Emotional Stability 
2017 MSc in Psychology From Jnana barathi 
Campus , Bangalore University , Bangalore - 560 056 , India 2015 B.A in Government First Grade Collage in KGF, Bangalore. 
Trustworthiness 
Clinical Internship Training: Manasa Educational Foundation for Metal Health in Study & Research centre recognised by Kuvempu 
University ,Shivamogga, Karnataka, India. 
Responsibility: Handling Mental illness Patient. 
Taking Case History of Mental Illness Patients. 
Counselling. 
Team Building activities for Patients. 
Time Management day to day activities monitories from Patients. 
Extra-Curricular Activates: Participated & won Title in Various Competitions at Collage Levels in 
Cricket, Volley Ball & Running (100 Meter ( Fast track ), 400 Meter & 800 Meters ) Participated & won Title in Various Competitions at Collage Levels in Long Jump. 
Participated in 
Life Skills Training Programme in Bangalore University. 
Participated in 51st National & 20th International Conference Psychology for Achieving Human excellence in Bangalore University. 
Participated in Seminar 
Current trends in Psychology & Counselling issues & Challenges in Bangalore 
University. 
Participated in 
Eco 
Therapy camp in Bangalore university from 2016 to 2017, Hobbies in reading Books & playing games. 
Personal Details: 
Name : Arjun Srinivasa 
D.O.B 
: 05.08.1994 Father Name : Srinivasa 
Languages Known 
: English, Tamil, Hindi, and Kananda &Telugu. 
Permanent Address : #27, Valli Street, Kabilar Nagar, Thiruvalllure 602 002. 
Declaration: I, hereby declare that the information and facts stated above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
