KHACHANE SWAPNESH NARAHRI 
Yashwant Vidayalaya road, Mobile No: +91-9730301296 
Near siddesh kirana, shreeramnager,sec- 
29 Ulhasnager4, Dist-Thane. Pin Code: 421004 Email ID: swapnesh7677@gmail.com 
Career Objective: Looking for a challenging career which demands the best of my professional ability in terms of technical and analytical skills and helps me in broadening and enhancing my current skills and knowledge. 
Academic Qualifications: SR.No 
Course 
Institution/Place 
University/Board Year of passing Percentage of marks 1 B.E. (EXTC) 
G.V. Acharya 
College of Engineering & Tech, Shelu, Karjat Mumbai 2016 53.53% 2 12th Class New English Junior College, Ulhasnagar4 Maharashtra Board. 2010 55.33% 3 10th Class Yashwant 
Vidayalaya, Ulhasnager-4 Maharashtra Board. 2008 78.15% 
Technical Skills: 
Programming Languages : C++, Java, Swift ,SQL 
Domain : Android & iOS Development,Telecom,Electronics 
Software Packages : Eclipse IDE, VS Code, Xcode IOS , Android Studio 
IDE. 
Operating Systems : Ubuntu, macOS, Windows Software Stack 
: MEAN, REST (API) Web Technologies : J2EE, HTML, CSS, Bootstrap, Spring, Hibernate CDAC Project: Title : IDEALER 
Platform : Android Programming Project Description: IDealer is effective and powerful app which handles your basic buying and renting needs. This app is used to buy or sell vehicles, books and property through classifieds. The facility to rent or to give on rent is also provided. Interested buyer can directly contact the owner via email or mobile number. The app is made secure through login for registered user. 
Mini Project: Title : Mini Inverter 
Platform : Electronics 
Project Description 
:An Inverter is an electric device that convert direct current(DC) to alter current (AC) the converted AC can be any requires voltage and frequency with the use of appropriate,transformer,switching and control circuit. 
Major Project: Title : Android Application for college purpose 
Platform : Android 
Project Description 
:This application is online portal between student and faculty. 
Student and faculty will have to register first. Students have access only view the documents and download the documents. Faculty will upload the important notes, exam timetable, syllabus and lecture notes as well as some reference books. This document is in image format or pdf format. For faculty there is one Admin panel. Only faculty have access that admin panel this is secure through username and password. 
Certifications: 
o Training program in CDMA WLL and BROADBAND section of BSNL, Kalyan Telecom 
District in 2014. 
o Certificate course on Optical Fibre Cables & Systems at Centre for Excellence in Telecom 
Technology & Management (MTNL) in 2013. 
o Vocational Training programme in Share Market at MITCON (Pune) in 2010. 
o CDAC Course (Post Graduate Diploma course in Mobile Computing) at Sunbeam 
Institute of Information technology, Pune (Aug2016 
Jan2017). OTHER ACTIVITIES: Participated as a State Level Tug Of War Championship in 2008 
Personal Profile: Father s Name : Mr.Narahari Khachane 
Mother s Name : Mrs.Snagita Khachane Date of Birth 
: 15 th August, 1992 Gender 
: Male Nationality : Indian Languages Known 
: English, Marathi & Hindi Hobbies 
: Playing cards & watching TV Declaration: 
I hereby declare that all the above mentioned information is correct and true to the best of my knowledge. 
Date: Place: 
[KHACHANE SWAPNESH NARAHARI] 
