MUNESWARI U.K. #11-1-785,Aravindh Nagar, 
Opp:Cement Godown, Anantapur,(A.P), India. 
Phone: 9959374538, 
Email: sreenivas.muneswari@gmail.com Objective 
To seek a challenging positions with opportunities for learning and career growth and to add lot of value in the areas of Nutrition and planning the diets for different diseased conditions. To contribute significantly to the growth of the organization in all aspects of Nutrition setting up a platform for the nutritional aspects of the patients. Summary 
Science Post graduate in Biochemistry and graduation in Nutrition and Dietetics having six months internship as a Dietary observer at Sri Satya Sai Higher Medical Sciences (SSSIHMS),(Super Speciality Hospital) and Present working Dietician & Dietary technician at Sri Sathya Sai General Hospital in Puttparthi, Anantapur 
District, Andhra Pradesh. 
Work Experience 
1. Three months experience as a Dietary Observer at Sri Sathya Sai Higher Medical Sciences 
(SSSIHMS) Hospital located at Puttparthi, Anantapur District, Andhra Pradesh. 
2. One and half Year experience as a Dietician & Dietary technician at Sri Sathya Sai General 
(SSSGH) Hospital located at. Puttparthi, Anantapur District, Andhra Pradesh. 
Job Profile at SSSIHMS and SSSGH hospital during January 2014 to till date Planning the diets for the inpatients from all the department and even the out patients sent from the Out patient department Counseling the in patients and out patients.ex:kidney,heart,diabetic etc.. Looking after the hygienic aspects of the food served to the patients and planning their diet. 
Major Achievements 
Used the mixture for even High protein diet in surgical ward and increased the protein levels. 
Planned different diets for different complications Planned Ryle s tube feeds. 
Diets for Hypo natremia, hypo/hyper kalemia. 
Conducted programs for community health workers on nutrition. 
Personal Skills 
Excellent Analytical Skills. 
Strong Communication skills. 
Good Inter personal skills. 
Initiative and drive for success Ability to work in team. 
Inquisitiveness for learning and self driven. 
Computer Proficiency 
Operating systems : MS Dos, Windows, MS office, Internet awareness Trainings 
Internship program in Ruo hospital (Thirupati) for 45 days in Planning and counseling the patients regarding diets. 
Educational Qualifications 
M.Sc. in Biochemistry Sri Krishnadevaraya University, Anantapur with an aggregate of 60.5% (2008 2010), B.Sc in Nutrition and Dietetics from Sri Padhmavathi Women's Degree College, Tirupathi with a of 65% (2004 -2007), Intermediate from Sri Padhmavathi Women's Degree College ,Tirupathi with a of 60% (2002 2004), SSC from padhmavathi School, Tirupathi with a of 75% (2001 2002). 
Personal Details 
Date of Birth : 01-Jan-1987 
Sex : Female 
Religion : Hindu 
Nationality : Indian 
Marital status : Married 
Language known (Speak Read Write) : Telugu, English and Hindi. 
Date : Signature 
Place: 
(U.K.MUNESWARI) 
