 ABHIROOP DAS 
P-11,212, Anubhav Apartments, 3rd Street 
abhiroop96@gmail.com 
Modern Park, Santoshpur, Kolkata - 75 +91-9960259050 Objective 
Seeking Marketing internship wherein I can associate with a company where I can utilize my skills and gain further expertise while enhancing the company s productivity and sales. 
Education 
Narsee Monjee Institute of Management Studies (NMIMS) 
Mumbai, Maharashtra 
B. Tech / MBA in Information Technology (IT) 
Expected graduation: May 2019 (CGPA: 2.8 / 4) 
Courses: Software Engineering, Database Management System, Computer Networks, Operating Systems, Data Structures, Algorithms, Information Security, Digital Logic Design, Financial Accounting, Marketing Management, Financial Analysis & Working Capital Management, Sales & Marketing, Innovation & Design Thinking, St. Anselm s Sr. Secondary School Bhilwara, Rajasthan 
Higher Secondary (CBSE) Graduation: May 2014 (Percentage: 69%) 
Gnyan Dham School Vapi, Gujarat 
Secondary (CBSE) 
Graduation: May 2012 (CGPA: 8.8 /10) 
Skills / Interests 
Technologies: HTML, NetSim, MySQL 
Programming Languages: C, C++, Python 
Tools and Utilities: 
Microsoft Office, Adobe Photoshop, WordPress, Excel 
Platforms: Microsoft Windows, Linux/UNIX. 
Interests: Playing chess, developing interpersonal skills, communication skills 
Languages: English, Hindi, Bengali 
Work Experience 
CogDigital (Intern) 
New Delhi: May 17 July 17 
Worked as an intern with the content writing team and helped them to formulate various marketing strategies to improve sales of clients of various client. 
Worked with the event marketing team to form sales promos and email blasts to generate leads for registration. 
Worked with a courier client to develop their BRS and helped the client to automate their lead generation techniques and reduce redundancies by deducing the leads into smaller sections that were catered based on tailored needs of specific sectors. 
Worked on a social blogging website and created relevant content to improve the traffic to the website. 
Merrick Industries (Intern) 
Bangalore: Dec 14 Jan 15 Worked as an intern to understand the working of the organization and contribute to the improvement and optimization of the supply chain management practices and operations of the industry. 
Worked on the customer relationship management aspects by effectively interacting between the company officials and clients across the country. 
Developed an understanding on the various aspects of industrial automation and analyzed the improvement of efficiency achieved by manufacturing due to automation. 
Academic Projects 
Development of Staff Management System using C/C++ and MySQL 
The project involved development of staff management system to reduce the complexity of the employee management system used in school. It helped in smooth updating of records in database and efficient retrieval of the database. The system was developed using C/C++ and MySQL as database. 
Social Media Mining at NMIMS 
In this project, we reviewed the impact of social media mining and the ways it has managed to bridge the gap between real world and virtual world by providing us with tons of unstructured data to process and analyze, provide us with patterns and trends that have outstanding potential in all real world applications. 
Extra-Curricular Activities 
Actively participated in the management / organizing committee of the college annual cultural fest which helped in developing deep knowledge about even management and organization skills. 
Participated in blood donation camps for local NGOs on regular basis. 
Participated in soft skills development held in NMIMS MPSTME. 
Attended various Student Career Enrichment programs organized at college campus. 
