 CURRICULUM VITA 
RAVI KUMAR.K 
No.7 Lime stone factory road, Magadi main road Kamakshipalya Bangalore-560079 
Mob. No: 9945909982, 
E-mail: symonds_ravi@yahoo.co.in inginitedminds1988@gmail.com 
CAREER OBJECTIVES: 
Seeking to attain a challenging and responsible position where I can share develop my knowledge and skill and effort to the organization growth & myself. 
EXPERIENCE: 
Have an experience in Purchase Manager of more than 7 years 
Supervised stockroom employees to maintain safe and organized stockroom. 
Forecast Levels of demand for services and production Keep a constant check on stock levels. 
Conduct research to ascertain the best products and suppliers in terms of best value, delivery schedules and quality. 
Liaise between suppliers, manufacturers, relevant internal departments and customers. 
Build and maintain good relationship with new and existing suppliers. 
Negotiable and agree contracts, monitoring the quality of service provided. 
Process payments and invoices. 
Keep contract files and use them as reference for the future. 
Forecast price trends and their impact on future activities. 
Give presentations about market analysis and possible growth. 
Develop a purchasing strategy. 
Produce reports and statistics using computer software. 
Evaluate bids and make recommendations based on commercial and technical factors. 
Ensure suppliers are aware of business objectives Attend meetings and trade conferences. 
Train and supervise the work of other members of staff Designed and implemented tracking system for purchase orders to increase accuracy in budgeting and cost control. 
Multiple sources for supplies, evaluated proposals, and negotiated contracts. 
Negotiated and purchased supplies and merchandise annually. 
Performed all merchandise purchasing, planning and promotional strategy to maximize sales volume, gross margins, and inventory turnover for assigned departments in all retail outlets nationwide Avoided production delays and secured significant cost savings by developing alternative sources for hard-to-find products 
Purchased raw and finished materials for a company manufacturing and selling over industrial water chiller, panel air conditioner, oil cooler products Actively support factory manager in realizing the need of the material and placement of purchase orders. 
Work with ERP for day to day inventory planning in liaison with production department and material scheduler and on confirmation proceed to place purchase orders on approved vendors. 
Track all purchase order and resolve problems related to deliver quality and service. 
To negotiate with suppliers in getting best price without compromising on quality and escalate any price change to SCM for negotiation and approvals. 
Do the negation for miscellaneous items including but not limited to maintenance spares and release the purchase orders. 
Have an experience in Account Assistant of more than 2 Years 
Prepared profit and loss statements and monthly closing and cost accounting reports. 
Compiled and analyzed financial information to prepare entries to accounts, such as general ledger accounts, and document business transactions. 
Managed vendor accounts, generating weekly on demand cheques Prepared and reviewed budget, revenue, expense, payroll entries, invoices, and other accounting documents. 
Employment History 2009 to Present Purchase Manager 
Maruthi cooling systems pvt ltd, Bangalore 2007 to 2009 
Account Assistant Maruthi Engineering, Bangalore 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: SSLC: Gem High school, Bangalore PUC & BCOM: Bangalore University STRENGTHS: 
Self confidence & positive working attitude Willingness to work Smart to be dedicated Good oral and written communication skills 
Strong analytical skills 
The ability to adapt to different clients needs and to develop and maintain Successful working relationship. 
A Fair for Negotiation and networking 
A confident and mature approach COMPUTER SKILL SET UP: 
MS office tools (MS Word, Excel, and Power point) Tally in 9.0 
Corel draw 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 
NAME 
RAVIKUMAR.K FATHER NAME 
KRISHNAMURTHY.R MOTHER NAME SUSHEELAMMA DATE OF BIRTH 
08-SEP-1987 
MARITAL STATUS UNMARRIED NATIONALITY INDIAN RELIGION HINDHU LANGUAGES KNOWN KANNADA, ENGLISH AND HINDI HOBBIES 
PLAYING GAMES, WATCHING TV, LICENSING MUSIC, READING BOOKS 
DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that all the statement furnished above is true to my knowledge 
YOURS FAITHFULL 
DATE: 
PLACE: BANGALORE RAVIKUMAR. 
