 Anuj I Patnaik Date of Birth: 16/08/1987 
Email id: anujpatnaik9@gmail.com Mobile No.:98923 03098 
Present Address: 
A/9 Rajdeep C.H.S, Katurba Road no-1, Borivali (East), Mumbai 400 066 
To work in an environment that enables me to enhance my professional skills and also utilizes my potential to the fullest for achieving organizational goals and objectives. 
Career Summary: 
Project Management Experience in handling process enhancements and customer relationship covering multiple products across geographies. 
Excellent problem solving, analytical and interpersonal skills. 
Possess keen business acumen in analyzing and understanding business requirements. 
Strong belief in work ethics, teamwork, flexible and keen on meetings targets. 
Proficient in Excel, Word, PowerPoint, Web logic, SQL & Issue tracking tools. 
Company Name: Clover Infotech (On site IDFC bank) 
June 2015 
Till Date . 
Responsibilities: 
Implementing Mysis TI+ & Misys Trade Portal for all products Trade IDFC BANK. 
Interfaces between CBS, FM, Ace Pelican (AML Screening), Newgen Work flow & MTP (Misys Trade Portal). 
Handling requirements from operations teams. 
Driving UAM from Trade. 
Conducting Product Workshop for onboarding clients. 
Preparation of BRD, detailing the same to development team, approving functional test cases. 
Handling User Acceptance Testing (UAT). 
Ensuring IT Infra steadiness. 
L1 production support. 
Company Name: Tata Consultancy Services, Mumbai June 2012 June 2015 
Responsibilities: 
Tracking SYS ADM Q for transactions processed. 
Conducting Product Workshop 
Presentation of detailed product functionalities based on client or market scenarios. 
Gap Analysis and its documentation. 
Preparation of BRD, detailing the same to development team, approving functional test cases. 
Coordinating the overall User Acceptance Testing (UAT) across EMEA region for Citibank Trade. 
Approving Approach documents for upcoming enhancements in production. 
Preparing monthly reports on issue tracking tools. 
Handling new requirements in production from all over branches in EMEA region. 
Handling internal and external audits & RCSA (Risk, Control and Self Assessment) TRIMS: 
TRIMS is a comprehensive Global Trade Finance Division (GTFD) system that processes transactions from initial registration to final liquidation for all GTFD products. TRIMS is designed to provide end-to-end Trade processing support on a single global system platform. TRIMS is an intelligent MIS system used for handling the end to end Trade transactions with the Banks perspective having full fledge functionalities suitable for all kinds of transactions in the business. It mainly revolves around Letter of Credit (LC), Bills and other important documents. The Maker/Checker modules have been developed in TRIMS for all functionalities for assuring the secured transaction processing. So TRIMS is mainly divided into TRIMS Imaging and TRIMS Processing closely coordinating to accomplish the client requirements in Trade business. 
Misys TI +: 
Misys TI Plus global processing is designed to centralise local systems to provide a standardised integrated platform that can help improve visibility and speed up the rollout of new services. The aim is to reduce pressure on regional teams and help banks to provide services such as 24/7 processing of their trade services transactions, which would give the banks a chance to provide stronger service level agreements to their customers. The standardised international process can also help banks to manage and mitigate operational risk more efficiently by ensuring all areas of the bank operate in the same way. 
Degree Institute Board/University Year 
P.G.D.M. Chetanas Institute of Management & Research 
A.I.C.T.E 2012 
B.Com (Accounting & Finance) Shri Chinai college of Economics & Commerce Mumbai 2009 H.S.C. 
St. Rocks Junior College Maharashtra 2006 
S.S.C. 
J B Khot High School Maharashtra 2003 
Company Name: SME Chamber of India 
May - July 2011 
Understood the SME sector. 
Worked for new ways of raising funds. 
Finance 
Research Report on HDFC Bank 
o Comparison of HDFC Bank with its peers o Macro level analysis of the banking sector in India 
Part of a band as a Rhythm Guitarist. 
Sports enthusiast, following the international Snooker League 
Member of the Alumni Committee 
I confirm that, the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge. 
Date: ../../2016 
Career Objective: 
Professional Experience: Business Analyst 
Professional Projects: 
Academics: 
Summer Internship Project: 
Academic Projects: 
Extra Curricular activities: 
