 DEAR SIR, Thank you for giving me the opportunity to introduce myself and express my sincere intention to expand my career within your prestigious establishment. 
I will be extremely happy if you were able to give me the pleasure of joining your management team since I am really eager to join your establishment in order to enhance my professional operations with your growing chain, again more experience in your establishment. 
On the other hand I would like to express my hopes and expectations that this appointment would be only the start of a mutual association. 
Enclosed is a copy of my C.V. for your kind and careful examination, and related documents are available upon your request. 
Finally I would like to thank you once again for your kind attention in anticipation of an early favorable response. 
Best Regards 
Ahmed El Sayed 
Ahmed El Sayed Ahmed El Sayed 
E-mail: ahmed.elsayed_hr@yahoo.com Telephone: +201226751339 
Skype: asas90112 Personnel Data 
Nationality: Egyptian 
Military Status: Final Exemption 
Religion: Moslem 
Date of Birth: 20.09.1979 Place of Birth: Al Zakazik 
ID Number: 1300096 
Al Zakazik 
Marital status: Married 
Address 1: 
Building 7 Complex 11 - Al Maamura El Shataa _ Alexandria 
Address 2: 
Building 128 Arbia Street _ Hurghada Red Sea 
Passport No: A02615048 Education 
Human Resources Management Diploma - Notting Hill College (UK) - Main Activities 
Certifying Human Resource Professionals 
Certifying Training Professionals 
Core Knowledge Requirements for HR Professionals 
Strategic Management 
Workforce Planning and Employment 
Human Resource Development 
Compensation and Benefit 
Employee and Labor Relations Occupational Health, Safety, and Security 
License of Law 
Al Zagazig University 2001 Languages 
Arabic: 
Native Language 
English: 
Fluent 
Training 
TRAINING 
Location Period 
Pathfinder Training UAE - kempinski Palm Jumeirah 4 Days Induction Of New Employees 
Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 5 Days 
Basic Management Skills 
Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 2 Day Management by Objectives 
Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 3 Days 
Off Job Training Skills 
Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 3 Days 
Selecting process Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 3 Days 
Conducting Successful Appraisals 
Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 2 Days 
Communication Skills 
Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 4 Day 
Time Management 
Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 5 Day Budgeting &Cost Cutting 
Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 5 Day 
Managing Daily Action 
Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 6 Day Personal Grooming & Hygiene 
Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 2 Day 
Welcoming the guest 
Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 2 Day Management orientation Program Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 5 Day Effective Interviewing Training 
Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 5 Day Performance appraisals training 
Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 3 Day 
Business Ethic Training 
Egypt - Kempinski Soma Bay 4 Day Professional Development Program for Hospitality Managers 
Egypt - Ministry of Tourism 10 Days 
Haccp Training Egypt - Ministry of Tourism 9 Days 
F&B Skills 
Egypt - Ministry of Tourism 9 Days 
HK Skills Egypt - Ministry of Tourism 9 Days 
Health & Safety Training Egypt - occupational Health & Safety 9 Days 
Civil defense training Egypt - Institute of Civil defense 
9 Days 
First Aid training Egypt - Institute of Civil defense 
9 Days 
Computer Skills 
Windows Applications 
o WinWord, Excel ,Outlook , Powerpoint and Publisher 
Payroll Systems 
o Sky bayan, Hits Nas Pro., Solutions Software , Fox System , ACT 
System , Hrmis System and HRMS 
Very good user of computer, Materials Control, Software: - windows, Netscape, internet, explorer, outlook express. Desk information Graphic , .Fidelio & Opera program. 
Work Experience 
Tropitel Sahl Hasheesh - Hurghada 
o Director of Human Resources & Training o From 01-01-2014 Till Present 
Tangram Hotels - Erbil ( Kempinski Group) 
o Director of Human Resources & Training ( Opening Team ) 
o From 04-02-2012 Till 30-12-2013 Kempinski Hotel Soma Bay- Hurghada ( Kempinski Group) o Assistant Director of Human Resources ( Opening Team ) 
o From 01-10-2009 Till 03-02-2012 Jaz Little Venice - Ain El Sukhna ( Travco Group) 
o Human Resource Manager ( Opening Team ) 
o From 07-03-2009 Till 30-09-2009 Ibertol Luxor Luxor ( Travco Group) 
o Assistant Human Resource Manager I /C (Reopening) o From 16.02.2007 Till 06-03-2009 Iberotel Makadi Beach Hurghada ( Travco Group) o Human Resources Supervisor o From 08.03. 2006 Till 15.02.2007 Sunrise Garden Beach Resort 
Hurghada 
o Human Resources Clerk ( Opening Team ) o From 01.08. 2001 Till 30.12. 2005 Related Job Duties 
SCOPE 
Manage the human resources function in order to meet the strategic business objectives. I play a strategic role in planning, developing and directing the human resources function at the organization to attract, retain, develop and motivate employees in a cost effective manner in accordance to labor laws, policies & procedures and standards. 
Duties / Responsibilities o Participate in the development and preparation of the hotel strategic plan. 
o Manage the human resources department, recommending long-term goals and developing and implementing strategies to meet them. 
o Coordinate and assists heads of department in the preparation of the hotel s manning guide budget and ensures that staffing levels are in line with the annual manning guide budget. 
o Develop implements and continually reviews HR policies & procedures, practices and personnel administration systems, updating and / or recommending improvements as appropriate to management. 
o Ensure that clear lines of communication exist to disseminate information affecting employer-employee relations, employee activities and hotel policies and programs. 
o Develop and maintains effective administration of personnel record- keeping, personnel files, personnel reports and statistics. 
o Keep abreast with present and future trends, practices and computer systems related to HR and makes recommendation as appropriate. 
o Write regular reports on human resources activities to the executive office and department heads. 
o Manage the recruitment function and develops and implements recruiting systems and procedures in order to attract best-qualified candidates. 
o Monitor effective employee relations, health & safety practices and social programs. 
o Counsel staff at all levels as needed in area such as recruitment, training and development, career planning, employee relations, discipline, HR legal issues related. 
o Survey, implements, communicate and administer the compensation and benefits in compliance with labor laws and policies in order to attract and retain employees. 
o Keep abreast with the labor laws and make sure they are respected and adhered to by the HR processes. 
o Oversee the training and development function in the hotel in order to meet the strategic business objectives o Prepare the annual HR budget and yearly manpower forecast o Understand and strictly adheres to the Rules & Regulations established in regards to hotel s policy on Fire, Hygiene and Health & Safety. 
o Ensure that all potential and real hazards are reported and reduced immediately. 
o The hotel s fire, emergency and bomb threat procedures are adhered to. 
o All emergency procedures are practiced and enforced to provide the security and safety of guests and employees. 
o Ensure that all employees have a complete understanding of and adhere to the Hotel s Employee rules and regulations. 
o Work within all pre-set budgetary limits. 
o Comply with all the company policies. 
o Comply with all systems and procedures as laid down by the EAM, GM and 
o The management reserves the right to change/extend this statement if necessary at any point of time during employment o The holder of this statement can be asked to take on other tasks in addition of the ones stated, in a reasonable framework o I have the ability to understand the requirements of employees and their needs and how to deal with them & Management by Objectives & Lead by example Core Work Activities 
Managing the Human Resources Strategy o Execute and follow-up on engagement survey related activities. 
o Champion and build the talent management ranks in support of property and region diversity strategy. 
o Translate business priorities into property Human Resources strategies, plans and actions o Implement and sustain Human Resources initiatives at the property. 
o Coordinate the human capital review process at property(s) and leads succession planning activities on property and in the market, as appropriate. 
o Lead the assessment of property(s) leadership pipeline through the human capital review process and assists with follow-up. 
o Create value through proactive approaches that will affect performance outcome or control cost. 
o Monitor effective use of my HR by property managers and employees. 
o Lead and participate in succession management and workforce planning. 
o Response for Human Resources strategy and execution. 
o Serve as key change manager for initiatives that have high employee impact. 
o Attend owners meetings as a member of the property executive committee and provides meaning or context to the Human Resources results (e.g., retention statistics, critical open positions, employee satisfaction, and training initiatives and results); and demonstrates an understanding of owner priorities. 
o Supervise one or more on-property Human Resources, as well as market- based Human Resources Specialist type resources where appropriate. 
Managing Staffing and Recruitment Process 
o Analyze open positions to balance the development of existing talent and business needs. 
o Serve as coach and expert facilitator of the selection and interviewing process. 
o Surface opportunities in work processes and staffing optimization. 
o Make staffing decisions to manage the talent cadre and pipeline at the property. 
o Develop staffing strategy relating to hiring practice; compensation, benefits, etc. 
o Monitor sourcing process and outcomes of staffing process. 
o Ensure managers are competent in assessing and evaluating staff. 
Managing Employee Compensation Strategy o Remain current and knowledgeable in the internal and external compensation and work competitive environments. 
o Lead the planning of the employee total compensation strategy. 
o Champion the communication and proper use of total compensation systems, tools, programs, policies, etc. o Participate in quarterly internal equity analysis; reviews internal equity reports and surface issues needing resolution. 
o Create and implement total compensation management packages/offers, particularly recognition and incentive programs directed towards property. 
Managing Staff Development Activities o Ensure completion of the duties and responsibilities of the properties' Human Resources staff members, as outlined in applicable job description(s). 
o Ensure property Human Resources staff is properly trained in all employee-related human resource information to appropriately respond to property employees. 
o Serve as resource to property Human Resources staff on employee relations questions and issues. 
o Continually reinforce positive employee relations concepts. 
Support of Decision Making Regarding Whatever Related To Human Resources with the General Manager References O Mr. Shehab El Din 
General Manager - Reef Oasis Sharm El Sheikh 
Tel: +201005553227 
Email: bluebay.gm@reefoasis.com.eg 
O Mr. Hafez Ali 
Area Director of Human Resources - Compass - Egypt 
Tel: +201000611658 
Email: hafez1967@hotmail.com 
O Mr. Mohamed Youssef Area Director of Engineering Rixos the Palm - U.A.E 
Tel: +971559264487
Tel: +971551006561 Email: mohamed.elshohna@rixos.com 
O Ms. Eleni Tsolakou 
General Manager Khalidiya Palace Rayhaan by Rotana- U.A.E 
Tel: + 971508115812 - 02 6570100 
Email: eleni.tsolakou@rotana.com 
O Mr. Manish Nambiar 
General Manager Kempinski Gold Coast City - Ghana 
Tel: +2332444344711 
Email: manish.nambiar@Kempinski.com O Mr. Ayman Abu Zied 
Area Director Human Resources Red Sea - Travco Group 
Tel: +201227858825 
Email: ayman.abuzeid@madinatmakadi.com 
All references are upon request 
Thank you Ahmed El Sayed 
