Kranthi Krishna 
Summary +91 9848861844 sreekrishna00@gmail.com 
Linkedin: Kranthi Krishna 
Results oriented professional with over 12 years of experience in Revenues generation, Management, Ecommerce, Start-up, supervisory experience in Human recruitment & selection, Business Development, Online Marketing, Space selling, New 
Business Launching& Handling, B2B sales, B2C sales, New Business Development, Key Account Management, After Sales 
Management, Channel Sales, Channel Development and Sellers Business Development. 
Experienced in working with cross functional Teams like Brand Development, Design, Operations, Customer care and Logistic and exposure to interactions with CXO level executives & internal stakeholders Adept at Complete Product life cycle management right from conceptualization to post product launch management. 
Experienced in working in many short term and long term projects. 
Effective communicator, individual contributor and team player with good presentation and organizational skills Key Area of Expertise 
Revenue Generation 
Brand Building & management Specialist 
Ecommerce specialist New Business Launching and Development 
Establishing the teams from scratch in across all functions Key Account Management Team Leading/Management Channel Sales and Building Developing strategic Alliances and Strategic Planning 
Cross functional Management Market analysis & Research 
After sales expert Content writing for SMS and Email Campaigns P&L accountability Start-up Experience 
Client Servicing 
Professional Experience 
Sr. Zonal Manager- MD- Snapdeal.com 
Since April 2010 to till date Responsible for Market development & Revenue Generation through Ad Sales across all functional categories like fashion, electronics and GM for Market Place in South India. 
Managing Area Managers& Business Development Managers and helping them to define the seller strategies for all product categories Establishing seller relationships, and drive the interactions with these companies in order to build long-term business opportunity 
(Manufactures/ Marketing Org, Distributors/ Dealers, Retailers/ Wholesalers/ Institutions) Thinking strategically about e-commerce business & challenges, to build and convey compelling value propositions to sellers of all sizes 
Ensuring the optimal product category mix & volumes to meet the organizational revenue & strategic goals Closely working and ensuring the success on varies Jira Project as per the requirement of the Company Like, Leap, ship near me and Electronics Day Etc. 
Making strategy, Competition analysis and Gap search. Fulfilling the assortment gap through teams on zonal level. 
Successfully implemented Importer process and personally on boarded major Indian players in the segment. 
Brand Promotional Activities 
Involvement in Print and TVC 
Personal involvement in offline Marketing ATL and BTL (Right from the agency finalization to Market search) 
Seller Delight programmes Buyer engagement programmes 
Corporate activation Planning and execution of all product exhibitions/fair to ensure the right seller acquisition Market Activation through various activities Gap search programmes to ensure all products availability in the site. 
Bulk registration programmes. 
Identifying cost effective way for promoting snapdeal in ground level 
Sr. Zonal Manager- CDT- Snapdeal.com June 2015 to Feb 2016 
Identifying new innovative business development concepts and strategies Market drives Planning and Implementation 
Tier 2 and Tier 3 City activations with Seller sourcing through Channel Partners & FOS team. 
Responsible for team hiring of channel partners and FOS Team, sourcing, training, Ensuring Productivity of team driven by quality of seller on boarded. 
Successfully operated the business through 4 Major Channel Partners and responsible to onboard seller from around 30 T2&T3 Cities. Recruited and managed around 250 people for seller sourcing. 
Responsible for Reducing sourcing cost per seller to company. 
Played key Role in acquiring 55000+ sellers in org level. 
Age 32 Locally from Hyderabad 
Married Telugu, English, Hindi and Tamil (Beginner) 
Zonal Manager-Market Place- Snapdeal.com April 2013-May 2015 Outstanding team relationship builder with proven skills in managing teams to work in sync with the corporate set parameters and motivating them for achieving business and individual goals. 
Organised BTL, ATL campaigns for tie up of sellers and on spot registrations and increase sales for nursery teams and key account manager. 
Create analysis and monitor (MIS) report based on team performance to evaluated day to day activities. Building lead funnel systems for team in Salesforce CRM. 
Regional Manager- Business Development-Snapdeal.com 
May 2011 to April 2013 
Successfully Established the entire team from Scratch handled the Local Deals business for AP and Telangana 
Successfully launched pilot project of Plan your party. 
Played a key role in launching Voucher validation system. 
Successfully Aligned All Major Star Hotels in National Level. 
Organizing stall in major corporate for BTL activity for promoting deals. 
Identifying cost effective way for promoting snapdeal in ground level. live gaming activity in popular company, HR mailing with gifting card to end customer. 
Promoting in different corporate and regional events. 
Successfully making Barter deals with some reputed marketing and events organizing for promoting product and services. 
Manager - Business Development- Snapdeal.com April 2010 to Jan 2011 Responsible to get Business through Unique Service deals from Restaurant, Salons & Spa, Game lounges, Entertainment zones and other relevant local deal. 
Content writing for Email and SMS campaigns 
Worked as Individual level in Daily deals business In Restaurant, Hotels, Spa, Saloon, Event, Corporate gifting in 2010 to 2011. Always stud in No 1 position in PAN India also received awards from CEO. 
Expert in designing a lucrative deals to the customer, which included the negotiation with multiple departments & owners (Hotels, Restaurants, Spas and all product and service related organizations.) 
Sales and Marketing- Just Dial Limited 
March 2009 - March 2010 
Individually Responsible for Revenue Generation through selling Talking yellow pages by selling the calls landed in CS 
Ensuring to generate new business listing through various activities. 
Space selling in Yellow pages and Website. 
Involved in Package designing for new clients. 
Existing business penetration through Client Servicing 
Account Manager- Magicbricks.com(Times Group) September 2008 - March 2009 
Key Account Management & New account sourcing Revenue Generation through Space selling in magic bricks website. 
Responsible for Planning Email campaigns for client. 
Meeting Key people of Construction Companies, Builders, and Property brokers and selling them the premium. 
Team Manager- HDFC Bank (HBL Global Private Ltd) Credit Card Division 
June 2005 - September 2008 (3 years 4 months) Team Management. Responsible for team development and responsible for team revenue target. 
Credit card sales and after sales (up sales of all financial products like BT, COC, Smart pay and other Insurance products) Responsible for team recruitment and development. Data Generation & Data Distribution. 
Additional activities to ensure the new accounts generation. Successfully closed 70 accounts in a day by leading from the front. 
Sr. Executive May 2006 to April 2007 
Executive June 2005 to April 2006 
Academic Details 
PGDBM 
B.Sc Computer Science 
Master course in Marketing Management 
Personal Details 
