Santosh 
santosha065@gmail.com 
SAS ANALYST 
Mobile: 7996425195 Career Objective 
Become a solutions architect and Analyst of value for money solutions, by attaining knowledge on a wide range of platforms and technologies. 
Professional Summary 
SAS Professional with nearly 2 years of experience in different SAS tools in highly-competitive market environments, Banking, Finance and Retail domains 
Expertise in SAS/BASE, SAS/MACROS, SAS/STAT, SAS/SQL. 
Experienced in using proc sql, proc report, proc tabulate, proc freq, proc format. Proc means, proc import, proc export and merge statement. 
Experienced in generating listing, summary and HTML reports using SAS technologies. 
Productive self-starter with a strong work ethic, consistently achieving goals and Result Oriented. 
Work Experience 
Currently Working with TCS as SAS Analyst from July 2014 to Till Date. 
Education 
Bachelor of Engineering from SCSVMV University. 
Technical SKills Statistical packages : SAS/Base, SAS/Macros, SAS/SQL. . RDBMS : MySQL. 
Languages : C, Java. 
Graphics : Excel and Power Point. 
Utilities & Tools : SQL and MS Office Project Details 
ANALYST (SAS Analyst) 
CLIENT: GE 
Title : Collections 
Skip Process 
SAS NA Region 
In Collections, Skip process is generally used to find out the contact information of an account. Contact information can be anything like finding out the phone numbers, address etc. 
Responsibilities: 
Generating reports Using Data step programming and Macros. 
Dataset Creation and support. 
Checking the SAS datasets for Monthly updating and sending the reports to client for verification.. 
Monitoring the log files for Weekly & Monthly data loads. 
Creating of sales statements using base sas procedures. 
Creation of datasets using Data Management steps in SAS. 
Generating reports by using procedures like Proc Means, Proc Freq, Proc Sort, Print,Proc Tabulate and Proc Report. 
Ad-hoc reporting. 
Reading the data from flat files using SAS Base with informats. 
Involved in analyzing the data 
The analysis representation describes a usage scenario from the end-users perspective. 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the information provided above is true and fair up to the best of my Knowledge. 
Place: Bangalore 
Date: 
