PRADEEP K N #63, 4th Main Meenakshinagar 9008833961 
Kamakshipalya Bengaluru-79 knpradeepaa@gmail.com 
Career Objective 
Seeking a challenging position in an engineering environment where I could add my knowledge and skills for the better productivity of the organization. 
Technical Skills 
Programming languages: C, C++, Java Technologies, Html, JavaScript, MySQL. 
Operating System: Windows, Linux. 
Qualification 
BE (INFORMATION SCIENCE) from GLOBAL ACADEMY OF TECHNOLOGY, 
Bengaluru from 2011-2015 with 65%. 
Class 12th (PCME) from VIJAYA PU COLLEGE, Bengaluru from 2009-2011 with 65.83%. 
Passed High School from SRV School, Kolar in year 2009 with 70.24%. 
Certification Course 
Six months Course of Java and Manual Testing from ABC FOR JAVA AND TESTING 
Institute. 
Work History 
Working as Software Engineer Trainee in DRDO from Aug 2016 - present. 
Worked as Software Developer in Technome from Mar 2016 - Aug 2016. 
Project Undertaken 
Title: Configurable and Pluggable JSON consumer and producer for affiliate application program. 
Software used: Java, Web Browser. 
Server: Apache Tomcat (or) JBOSS. 
Details: The website to buy the discounted products from the Flipkart and if user is successful in buying the product then the affiliate user gets the certain amount of commission for the different products that are sold in Flipkart app (or) website. The commission will be credited to the affiliates from Flipkart service. 
Extra Curricular Activities 
Winners of the cricket and kabaddi in school level. 
Participated in various cultural activities during school and college time. 
Hobbies 
Watching movies. 
Exploring new places. 
Listening music. 
Personal details Date of Birth 
16-08-1993 Father Name 
Narayana Swamy K 
Mother Name Bhuvaneshwari 
Languages known 
Kannada, English, Telugu Declaration 
I PRADEEP K N, hereby declare that the above mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above. 
Bengaluru (PRADEEP 
K N) 
