RESUME
 
I N Narayanan, DOB 24/02/1967. 
C/o Mr. Ramakrishna, No.21, First Floor, 2nd Cross, SBI Staff Colony, 3rd Stage, 4th Block, Basaveshwara Nagar, Bengaluru-560 079. 
Mob: 99010 75791 or 9620 111, 391, Ph: 2322 4753. email- n.narayanan@hotmail.com 
II 
OBJECTIVE: - 
To secure a Senior/Management place in Growth Oriented Environment with contemporary Business system approach and quality experience. 
III Educational Qualifications. 
MBA. - (Finance) - Madurai Kamaraj University (DDE) 
April-2009. 
M. Com. - University of Madras, (ICE) - October-1997. 
B. Com. - Vooresh College, Vellore, Tamil Nadu, University of Madras - April-88. 
III 
KEY SKILLS: - Accounting/Finance Operation, Bank routing works supervision /Documentation, Budgeting/Strategizing, Accounts Receivable, Accounts Payable; Tally ERP 9 (Integrated), MS Office, WAN, LAN, Computer packages, Internet Applications, Purchase/Materials Activities, Internal & External Auditing, Day to Day accounts/finance/Material activities etc. 
IV PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
Commercial Executive-Finance and Accounts. 
In Asia Pulp & Papers Pvt Ltd., Bengaluru (Group of Companies). From 03-Jan-13. 
Bank Routine work, including Financial Accounts Reconciliation, documentation etc. Keep track of Debtors and creditors (Accounts Receivable/Payable). Cash payment & impress Accounting, MIS reporting on the daily Basis. Material Stock Records with Tally ERP-9 domain integrated, internal Auditing and Statutory works. 
2) Commercial Executive in Finance and Accounts Department function. 
In Armsel MHE Private Limited, Bengaluru. (100% subsidiary of KITO Corporation, Japan). 
Feb-08 to Jul-12. 
Effectively handled Management/Project/Sales Accounts, Finance Accounts & Audits. 
Maintained by Mgmt., Information Systems (MIS) on the daily basis. 
Streamlined and handled Imports activities independently. 
Familiarity with creating Budget, external discussion with auditors/Banks etc. 
3) 
Senior Purchase Executive. 
In GE Thermometrics (India) Private Limited, Bengaluru. 
Mar-01 to Oct-07. 
Systematically handled domestic and import procurement activities with cost and time management methods with the addition to Accounting works. 
Commercial Executive (Materials and Accounts Departments). 
In Namtech Systems Limited, Bengaluru. 
May-95 to Feb-01. 
Handled day-to-day Accounting and Materials procurement activities with cost reduction procurement cost slashed about 5% per Annam. 
Developed perfect Bill of Materials (BOM) and Total Raw-Material Cost (TRMC). 
Cashier/F & B Cost Controller in Finance and Accounts Dept. function. 
In Gateway Hotel & Getaway Resorts Limited, Bengaluru. 
Nov-91 to Mar-95. 
A reputed Four Star Hotel in Bengaluru of a multinational chain of hotels. 
Reported day-to-day F&B cost activities to top-level management. 
Developed day-to-day auditing activities to get financial reports further efficiently. Worked on Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) method. 
Stores-in-Charge. 
In Eloilex Laboratories Private Limited, Bengaluru. 
Jan-89 to Nov-91. 
Managed stores ledgers perfectly through manually and computerized manners. 
V Other Courses/Trainings: - 
Computer Skills: 
Worked under LAN (Local Area Network). 
WAN (Wide Area Network) & ERP (Enterprise Resources Planning) environment. Knowledge of E-filings, Other Accounts Packages, MS Office (Micro Soft) Word, Excel, Access etc. 
Tally 7.2 from NICT in 2006. 
English typing with a Senior / Higher grade April-1985. 
180 e-learning courses from GE (General Electric Company) during 2003-04. 
Attitudinal workshop on effective Communication & Human Relations (Personality Development) ZEAL Institute of Personal Development. 
Environmental Law for Industry Managers in 200405 from EMPRI (A wing of Karnataka State Pollution Control Board). 
Languages Known: English, Tamil, and Kannada. 
VI SPECIAL APTITUDES: - Attitude to generate the highest level of operational efficiency. 
Resourceful in the completion of projects with effective multi-tasking capabilities. Willingness to learn, dedication and commitment. 
Joining Period: one month: Place preference to work in Bengaluru. 
Salary: - 
Present CTC/salary Rs.33,000/- PM, expected > Rs.40,000/- PM. 
Place: - Bengaluru. 
Date: Jul-16. 
Thanking you, Yours faithfully, N Narayanan. 
2 Page 1 of 2 
