CHARAN SINGH 
Email: charan.aim@gmail.com Contact No. +91-96-202-76543/ 7795-101-750 
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/iamcharansingh 
Place: Bangalore, Karnataka 
References Will be available upon request 1 | P a g e 
PROFILE: 
Offering a well-integrated Business perspective, specializing in design, development, and delivery of cost- effective, high-performance solutions. Ability to integrate out-of-the-box thinking and problem-solving analysis to improve processes, systems and methodologies. 
RANGE OF EXPERIENCE: 
Charan has around 8.8 years of persistent experience as ERP Consultant which includes: 
2.8 Years in Oracle Fusion Cloud HCM (Hybrid Agile Model) 1 Year as AML Surveillance Analyst(Anti-money laundering (AML) and Economic crime control) 4 Years in PeopleSoft (SDLC like Waterfall, Spiral, Sun Model, etc...) 11 months as Web Analyst + Travel Advisor. 
He has received the internal/external training on Oracle Fusion, SOA 12c, PeopleSoft and Workday. 
He is an Oracle Certified Specialist 
Oracle Global Human resource Cloud 2016 Certified 
Implementation Specialist . 
STRENGTHS 
Ability to look from business perspective apart from (typical) process/code-level perspective. 
Showing own point of view; Trying to be objective in the whole thing. 
Use learning from different situation, different systems, different issues, different architectures, different technologies, different environments. 
Time management and strategy 
Adhering to quality process, fast learner and energetic co-worker with ability to remain self- motivated. 
PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS 
Business & Global Acumen: 
Health Care Industry: Multiple Projects 
Risk Consulting (Anti-Money Laundering): 1 Project 
Oil, Gas, Power utility Services Industry: 2 Projects 
Retail Services Industry: 2 Project 
Financial Services Industry: 2 Projects 
Telecom Industry: 1 Project 
Public Sector Industry(Banks): 4 Projects 
CHARAN SINGH 
Email: charan.aim@gmail.com Contact No. +91-96-202-76543/ 7795-101-750 
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/iamcharansingh 
Place: Bangalore, Karnataka 
References Will be available upon request 2 | P a g e 
Functional Understanding: 
He possess implementation and upgrade expertise in FSCM & HCM modules. 
He specializes in implementation of Oracle Fusion Release 10, 11, 12, 13 covering areas like Global Payroll, Core HR, and Benefits, worked on integrations, analytics, and extensions. 
On PeopleSoft Domain as FSCM/HCM 9.2/9.1/9.0, covering areas like analyzing, requirement gathering, developing and implementation with complete life cycle experience. His expertise in Absence Management includes configuring, developing custom pages, working on major enhancements. 
He holds the industry knowledge on Core HR, implementation of E- performance, Absence Management with knowledge of implementing Leave Forecasting. 
Also worked on Global Payroll, Accounts Payable and other Modules. 
He has also been a module owner for the implementation of a NEW PENSHION SCHEME-(for one of the largest Banks) the module is also known as DCPS- Defined Contributory Pension Scheme in India. 
Skillsets: Cloud: 
Integrations: 
HCM Extracts + created custom DBI. 
Web Services to Load Value Sets 
HDL to load User-Defined Tables 
REST services to import and export Employee Data 
Fast Formulas to use Value Sets and User Defined Tables in Extracts. 
Analysis of PeopleSoft Application Engine/SQR Programs and translating them to Fusion Extracts. 
Finding Mappings for PeopleSoft Fields to Cloud HCM Fields. 
Worked on Fusion Dashboard, Fusion Sandbox. 
Worked on Fusion BI Securities. 
Migration of Extracts and Reports. 
Reporting: 
BI/OTBI (eText, rtf templates) 
PeopleSoft: 
People tools 8.49, 8.51 Application Designer. 
Component Interface. 
People Code. 
Application Engine. 
Excel to CI. 
SQL. 
Integration broker 
Approval Workflow Engine 
Reporting: 
SQR. 
Crystal Report s. 
XML Publisher. 
CHARAN SINGH 
Email: charan.aim@gmail.com Contact No. +91-96-202-76543/ 7795-101-750 
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/iamcharansingh 
Place: Bangalore, Karnataka 
References Will be available upon request 3 | P a g e 
PSQUERY. 
Databases: 
Oracle 9i, Oracle 10g, MySQL, Oracle XE, DB2. 
Other Programming Languages and Tools: 
C, Java, PHP, HTML5, DHTML, Ajax, CSS, Flash, SQL, XML 
Adobe Photoshop CS4, Dreamweaver. 
WORK EXPOSURE: 
Feb 2014-Present PricewaterhouseCoopers Service Delivery 
Center (Bangalore) Pvt Ltd 
Technical Lead 
Oracle Fusion: 
HCM (Health Care Industry) Rel. 9, 10, 11, 12, 13 Collaborating with Business users, product owner and scrum masters to understand the business requirements. 
Organizing Daily Standup, weekly grievance call, Sprint Review Meeting, Retrospective Meeting and Backlog Refinement Meeting. 
Preparing and presenting data for Internal Audit Report, Internal Risks and Business Review meetings. 
Interact with scrum masters to estimate work efforts, capacity planning and come up with story breakdown. 
Providing training, demos, POC to client and internal employees in US and China. 
Working knowledge on HCM Extracts and Fast Formula. 
Worked extensively on PeopleSoft to Fusion Payroll data mapping. 
Working knowledge on HCM security. 
Worked on Web services, SOAP UI, Rest Services, to interact with applications on PAAS. 
Worked on several OBI/OTBI Reports with output files as (.txt, .dat, .csv). 
Worked on Dashboards, Sandbox. 
Proposed the Strategy for Vendor Engagement. 
Risk Consulting (Anti-Money Laundering): 
Handled a team of 35 Resources and co-provided AML Compliance Training especially on identification and reporting of suspicious transactions. 
Investigate and assess alerts for potential money laundering risks in the Bank. 
Ensure timely, efficient reporting of suspicious transactions to AML Compliance Officer. 
Maintain a current understanding of money laundering and terrorist financing issues, including policies, procedures, regulations, industry best practice, criminal typologies and developing trends. 
Assist in the development of in-person AML/Economic Sanctions Compliance Training for new employees PeopleSoft: 
FSCM: (Health Care Industry/Oil, Gas, Power utility Services Industry) 
Worked extensively on Inbound and outbound interfaces. 
Worked extensively on Rewriting SQR program into Application Engine. 
Few IB interface between Third-party-system (SAP) and PeopleSoft for Payment Remittance. 
Designed an interface as per WELLS FARGO Bank for Vendor Payments, which is similar to delivered Financial Gateway. 
CHARAN SINGH 
Email: charan.aim@gmail.com Contact No. +91-96-202-76543/ 7795-101-750 
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/iamcharansingh 
Place: Bangalore, Karnataka 
References Will be available upon request 4 | P a g e Customized the Payment Check Process . 
Development of reports using BI Publisher and nVision. 
Worked on Voucher creation and Check Printing process. 
HCM (Retail Services Industry/Health Care Industry): 
Worked extensively on AWE(approval workflow engine) 
Worked on Dashboard and Created more than 100 related contents for creating a new Manager 
Dashboard for providing access to Proxies. 
APR'2013-JAN'2014 Deloitte Consulting India Private Limited CONSULTANT PeopleSoft: 
HCM (Health Care Industry): 9.2 & FSCM (Financial Services Industry): 9.1, White Paper on PeopleSoft Interaction Hub, PaaS, Cloud Security. 
Develops reusable unit/integration testing tools. 
Perform analysis to identify business needs proactively, interact with internal stakeholders to understand business value of tools and to develop these tools with good quality and timeliness. 
I being the point of contact from off-shore took responsibility for taking the requirements from the onsite team and convert it to technical designs. 
I was involved in Data conversion strategy to convert the HCM data from Legacy to PeopleSoft System. 
Prepared project metrics and responsible for tracking the defects. 
Training documentation development for AP, PO and GL module. 
Support transition of knowledge and responsibility 
To ensure functional business requirements and process issues are resolved using comprehensive enterprise applications solutions. 
Work with client teams to identify and solve functional area issues, design solutions, develop conceptual models, translate functional area requirements into technical requirements. 
MAY'2010-MAR'2013 Mphasis Ltd PeopleSoft Delv Software Engineer HCM(Public Sector Industry): 
Function as a point of Contact for teams (New Implementation, Customization and Support). 
Participate in architecture design to determine and develop multiple approaches to implement a feasible solution. Translated several complex business requirements into functional and technical designs. 
Participate in Monthly Client review meetings with Project Manager, providing proactive advice and feedback throughout the development lifecycle for prevention and early correction of quality problem. 
Very Proficient in Application Designer, strong hands on experience with Application Package, People 
Code, Application Engine, Integration Broker, SQR, Query, nVision, BI Publisher, Crystal and SQL. 
Functional Expertise in PeopleSoft modules, especially with Absence Management, E-Learning, eProcurement, Global Payroll, Core HR, Performance Management. 
Worked in Implementation of E-Performance Module . 
Fixing the Post Go Live Issue of Global Payroll and Absence Management and various other modules like e-performance, SPF, Pension, Promotion, and Gratuity etc. 
Re: customized the Absence Management at Manager Self-Service and Employee Self-Service to handle further Change Request s. Responsible for pro-active monitoring/tuning of the database. CHARAN SINGH 
Email: charan.aim@gmail.com Contact No. +91-96-202-76543/ 7795-101-750 
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/iamcharansingh 
Place: Bangalore, Karnataka 
References Will be available upon request 5 | P a g e Handy Experience in giving training and demo to End-Users for respective module/Reports. 
Document lessons learned, help maintain knowledge database Train team members and increases development capabilities of support team. 
My contribution to the project was duly rewarded by my organization with four consecutive 5 rating points, which as per project policy stands for an extraordinary performance. 
JUL'2009-MAY'2010 Facet-Technologies Bhopal WEB ANALYST/TRAVEL ADVISOR 
Opportunities: 
CMS (WordPress, Drupal & Joomla), SaaS Web App Development. 
Ecommerce application development using Magento an open-source e-commerce platform. 
Worked on PHP, AJAX, Yahoo YUI, Twitter Bootstrap, Amazon AWS and HTML5 / CSS3. 
Implemented numerous domestic & international payment gateways including 2Checkout, Google 
Wallet, Authorize.net, CCAvenue, PayPal etc. 
Provided Internship/Technical Training on C, C++, Dos, FoxPro for Engineering Students. 
Proposal Preparation & Presentation to the clients to acquire exhibitions & events. 
Development & deployment of the online strategy to support Lead Generation and deals like complimentary breakfast, spa credits, and upgrades at hotels. 
As a travel advisor handled both domestic and inbound tourist guiding them to make decisions (where to go & when) on significant life journeys and travel moments. 
Organizing Early Morning & Night Tours like Bicycle/Bike Road Trips, College/School Picnics, Adventure sports and Camps. 
EDUCATION & QUALIFICATION 
Bachelor of engineering Computer Science and Engineering from Technocrats Institute of Technology affiliated to Rajiv Gandhi Proudyogiki Vishwavidyalaya (RGPV) with 70%. 
Senior Secondary Examination from ST.XAVIERS SCHOOL Bhopal (2004-2005). 
Higher Secondary Examination from ST.XAVIERS SCHOOL Bhopal (2002-2003). 
Major Training Courses/Workshops/Presentations Attended: 
Year Subject Location Organized By 2017 Oracle Integration Cloud Service Bangalore PwC SDC 
2016 Oracle Business Intelligence and Data Visualization Cloud Service 
Implementation 
Bangalore PwC SDC 
2016 Oracle Global Human resource Cloud 2016 Certified 
Implementation Specialist 
Bangalore PwC SDC 
2015 SOA 12C Oracle Bangalore PwC SDC 
2015 Fusion HCM Training Bangalore PwC SDC 
2013 Information technology Infrastructure Library (ITIL) v3 Certified. 
(Deloitte internal). 
Bangalore Deloitte 2013 Workday HCM Training Bangalore Deloitte 
2010 PeopleSoft PIA 9.1 Training Mangalore Mphasis 
2008 Industrial Training in SDLC from CRISP Bhopal CRISP PERSONAL INFORMATION 
Date of Birth: 04th-FEB-1987. 
Gender: Male. CHARAN SINGH 
Email: charan.aim@gmail.com Contact No. +91-96-202-76543/ 7795-101-750 
LinkedIn: linkedin.com/in/iamcharansingh 
Place: Bangalore, Karnataka 
References Will be available upon request 6 | P a g e 
Nationality: Indian. 
Marital Status: Single. 
Valid Passport and PAN: Will be furnished when asked for. 
Hobbies: Watching Movies/advertisements, Video Games. 
Interest: Cricket, Swimming, Cycling, Cooking. 
Current Location: HSR LAYOUT, Bangalore-560102. 
Email: charan.aim@gmail.com 
SUMMARY: 
My objectives are just synonymous to the Chinese proverb which says "Dig the well before you are thirsty" 
