 IN A NUTSHELL: 
Energetic and self-directed sales professional with seven years of sales experience, proven closing skills and smooth telephone sales ability. 
Successful in forming profitable and long lasting relationships on technical, administrative and executive levels with companies of all sizes. 
High level knowledge and experience in a broad range of technologies. 
Strengths: Versatile Oral & Written communication skills, Resilience & Persistence, Ability to engage with C level connections, Sales experience with North America, UK, UAE & Indian Market. 
Why change? For better growth & increased responsibility in a new profile with better learning. 
BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT EXPERTISE OVERVIEW: Overall responsibilities include the following: Profiling: o Account Planning. 
Lead generation: o Cold Calling I could constantly generate 2 leads a week 
I have been a part of various lead generation campaigns and strategies. 
o Email marketing 
Prospecting: o Discovery calls/Business Presentation. 
o Requirement identification. 
Qualification: o Creating consensus with all internal and external stake holders. 
o NABT adherent. 
Proposal: o Work closely with the prospect, pre-sales & delivery to create a compelling proposal. 
Balamurugan AR 
M: +91.8095.778.778 
E: balaar.murugan@gmail.com 
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY: 
YEAR/DURATION EMPLOYER DESIGNATION 
Aug, 2015 
Till date 
NITEO Technologies, an NEC 
Company (Chennai, India) Sr. Business Development 
Executive Description: Involved in identifying, initiating, qualifying, discovering, nurturing and provide solutions to clients IT challenges through a consultative approach. 
May, 2013 
Aug, 2015 Symphony Teleca Corporation, a 
HARMAN Company (Bangalore, India) Business Development 
Executive 
Description: Working closely with the field sales team in identifying target market and opportunities, Prospecting leads through online modes/cold calling & other sales techniques, Converting hot leads into face to face or telephonic meetings, Building leads pipeline, Participating (with field sales) in nurturing leads to generate further sales opportunities, Managing contact database (using Salesforce). 
Nov, 2012 May, 2013 
Jeevan Technologies (Chennai, India) Business Development 
Executive 
Description: Business-to-Business lead generation and sales prospecting, Cold calling, Identifying and networking with prospective clients, maintaining relationship with key decision makers, achieving profitability and increased sales growth, Identifying customer needs and defining SOWs. 
Aug, 2010 
Nov, 2012 
Contus Support Interactive (Chennai, India) Business Development 
Executive 
Description: Lead/Sales generation (Open-Source, Web Applications and SAAS Products), 
Client Meetings (face-to-face & online), Product Demos, secure RFPs, make proposals and quotes and procure purchase orders from clients Single point of communication for executing the entire sales cycle from lead generation to negotiation & final closure. 
Jul 2009 Jul, 2010 Allsec Technologies (Chennai, India) Customer Executive Description: Contacting prospective clients over the phone via an outbound call, with the aim of ultimately selling product and services. 
EDUCATION: 
BE Computer Science 
Anna University, Chennai, Tamilnadu 
Aggregate 65, 2007 
MBA 
(Pursuing online) in Institute of Chartered Financial Analysts of India CERTIFICATIONS: 
1. ITIL v3 Foundations Certificate in IT Service Management 2. IBM Enterprise Content Management Sales Professional v3 3. NEC: Legal Basics for Sales Representatives 4. NEC: Ethical Leadership 5. NEC: Creating a Harassment-Free Workplace 
6. NEC: Avoiding Bribery and Corruption in the Global Business Environment 
PERSONAL DETAILS Date of Birth : 05-01-1984 
Gender : Male 
Nationality : Indian 
Marital Status : Married 
Date: 
Place: Chennai (Balamurugan AR) 
