Tushar Mane 
E-mail : tushar1028@hotmail.com 
Mobile no : 9762013047 
Objective: To obtain a position in a people oriented organization where I can maximize my experience in a challenging environment to achieve the corporate goals. 
Experience: 
Digishala IT Technology Pvt. Ltd. Narhe, Pune. 
Content Developer, 11 Oct 2015 11 Feb 2016. 
Developed digitalized content for educational purpose on androids and Gained experience in making Interactive simulations. Used languages such as C# and JavaScript. 
Education: Course University Passing Year Percentage 
M.E. Shivaji University Appeared 60% [ME-I] 
B.E. Pune University 2014 53% H.S.C Aurangabad 2008 71% S.S.C Kolhapur 2006 84% 
Skills: 
Knowledge of Operating System - Windows XP, Windows 7/8/10 Basics of Programming Languages like C, C++ and C# Matlab programming and use of Flash Magic 
Knowledgeable in Microsoft Word, Excel, PowerPoint 
Academic Projects: 
T.E. PROJECT: 
I had completed mini project for 
Accident Identification With SMS 
Notification . The aim of this project was to design such a device which will not only detect any accident that happens to the car but also inform the appropriate authorities immediately as soon as the accident occurs. 
B.E. PROJECT: 
The main project was Automatic Object Recognition, Tracking and Destruction . 
This was an attempt to develop a complete independent system that will automatically recognize, track and destroy the intruding object in predefined area under surveillance. 
M.E. PROJECT: 
Working on Matlab based image processing project 
High Dynamic 
Range Image Compression by Optimizing Tone Mapped Quality Index . This will preserve the structural similarity and statistical naturalness of HDR image in compressed LDR image. 
Personal Information: 
Father s Name : Deepak Mane 
Date of Birth : 04th Oct 1990 
Gender : Male Nationality : Indian Permanent Address : Flat No.6 , R.K.Chambers, Keshavnagar, Chinchwad, Pune - 411033 
Languages known : English, Hindi and Marathi 
Interests : Chess, Music, Sports and Games 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that above details are true to the best of my knowledge. 
Place:- 
Date: - Tushar mane 
