Rohan S.Sonawane 
Pune, Maharashtra 
Phone: 8600014341 
Email: rohansonawane2012@gmail.com 
Objective: 
To seek challenging assignment and responsibility with an opportunity for growth and career advancement as a successfully achievement. 
Personal Summary: 
Expert in Network Creation, Design and troubleshooting. 
Accept the challenge of repairing the devices which were rejected form others. 
Ready to provide onsite supports to Faculty. 
Technical Skills: 
Operating Systems: Windows XP, Windows Vista, Win-7, Win-8, Fedora-19, Fedora-20, Ubuntu14.4, 15.4 &16.4. 
Hardware testing Tools: Lan tester, Card tester, Cramping Tool. 
Application software: Picasa, Adobe reader, WinRAR, DVD Convertor, Nero. 
Office Package: Microsoft Word, Microsoft Excel, Microsoft Access, Microsoft PowerPoint, Microsoft Outlook Express. 
Computer Hardware: Assembling and reassembling of computer peripherals 
Shri Shivaji Maratha Society s Institute of Management & Research,Parvati Pune-411009 
(From July 2011- June 2012) As a Computer Assistant Computer Assistant: 
Scan and remove virus. 
Defray the hard drives on computer functioning too slowly. 
Remove and clean up registering the clean-up software. 
Remove unused files and software to put the software all the computer in their functional order. 
Over haul all the files to keep unscrupulous and infected effects away. 
Look after the single window service. 
Conduct the supervisory checkup. 
Ensure a smooth functioning of the all the system. 
Devised a safety method to keep all the confidential matters safe. 
Chang regularly the secret code and the password of company structure. 
Repair and maintain the computers and servers. 
Configure new hardware, install and update the software packages 
Total: 1 Year Experience. 
Akhil Bhartiya Maratha Shikshan Parishad s Anantrao Pawar College of Engineering & Research,Parvati Pune-411009 
(From July 2012- Till Date) As a Computer Lab Assistant in Computer Engineering 
Department 
Computer Lab Assistant: 
Maintaining All Computer Labs including Monitoring, Troubleshooting etc. 
Scan and remove virus. 
Defray the hard drives on computer functioning too slowly. 
Remove and clean up registering the clean-up software. 
Remove unused files and software to put the software all the computer in their functional order. 
Over haul all the files to keep unscrupulous and infected effects away. 
Look after the single window service. 
Conduct the supervisory checkup. 
Ensure a smooth functioning of the all the system. 
Devised a safety method to keep all the confidential matters safe. 
Chang regularly the secret code and the password of company structure. 
Repair and maintain the computers. 
Configure new hardware, install and update the software packages 
Look After All Computer Department Network as well as Other Network Hardware Component. 
Managing On-Line Exams of Savitribai Phule Pune University in College including all Exam 
Troubleshooting and Maintaining. All Data Attendence, Marksheet & Internal 
External Duties. 
Managing Practical-Oral Exams of Savitribai Phule Pune University in College including all Exam Troubleshooting and Maintaining Labs. All Data Attendence, Marksheet & Internal External Duties. 
Total: 5 Year Experience 
General Education: 
Diploma In Information Technology Completed from the MSBTE Maharashtra State 
MS-CIT Completed from Maharashtra State. 
Networking Course Completed from College of Engineering Pune. 
CCNA Course Completed from CMS Pune. 
Personal Details: 
Contact Address: 392, Nana Peth Near Hira Mention Building, Pune-411002. 
Mobile No.: 8600014341 
Email ID: rohansonawane2012@gmail.com 
Permanent Address: 392, Nana Peth Near Hira Mention Building, Pune-411002. 
Date:____________ 
Signature:__________________ 
