1 
Mining Engineer 
Updated 04/05/2017 
Abdourahamane CONDE Telephone: +224
628287095 / +224664 737360 E-mails: Abdourahamane.conde@outlook.com 
Skype : hanifajalil / Imo : +224628287095 23rd September 1975 in CONAKRY, Married and have children s Background 
Summary 
Abdourahamane CONDE has over 15 years of experience in the mining industry and has particular expertise in mine engineering and planning activities for large open pit mining operation. Exposed to different work cultures and systems with a good focus on achieving set targets, maintain high safety and cease every available learning opportunity. Specialties: - Production planning and scheduling (strategic plan, LOM, Long, medium and short terms), -Pit optimization, -Open pit design, Waste Dump, Dam, Road and other surface mining Designs, - Budgeting, - contract management, Cost control and Production tracking. 
His supporting personal assets include: resourceful problem solver; excellent listener and communicator; ability to think outside the box, set organizational goals and priorities; meet demands, objectives and deadlines; broad administrative skills, and training younger professionals of different cultures in Mine Planning and Technical Services. 
PERSONAL DEVELOPMENT AND PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCES 
2 Post occupied as Mining Engineer Head of sector Mines and Railway(current title) 1st September 2016 ~ COMPAGNY OF BAUXITES GUINEA ( CBG) / GUINEA <<The Project of extension of the company of the Bauxites of Guinea CBG>> Company of Guinea bauxites, a company mining in its annual output of 12MTPA for 22.5 MPTPA improvement project, with a employees use of 2500. 
a. I am responsible of coordinating all activities realized by the project extension in Railway and Mines. 
b. I m in charge to identify cost reduction opportunities and the project schedule c. I meet different clients to negotiate contracts and services to be executed by CBG. 
d. I m in charge to supporting of approved applications for purchases and major changes e. I m in charge of the organization and the management of all the teams of the project 
f. In charge assessing the progress of construction activities g. Participation in all meetings, journals and technical validations and is ultimately attributable to the follow-up and reporting of its deliverables. 
h. Measuring load, approves and reports the progress of the work of contractors with the information and tools provided by the engineering, procurement, and construction Management. 
Production Manager : From November 2013 to 1st September 2016 ~ FORECARIAH GUINEA MINING / GUINEA 
A company mining, evolving in the iron ore of with a staff direct 750 employees and an indirect staff of 850, being at the beginning of the production with a million ton per year. 
a) Responsible for the mining engineering activities of Yomboye and all processing at crushing area. 
b) Managed the two crushers and mineral wet plant c) Responsible for the management of dispatching heavy equipment and cars that are the responsibility of my Department d) Responsible for managing the departments of production (mines, crushers, equipment and transport). 
e) Production control and reconciliation f) Coaching and training local Engineers g) Charge of the technical services of the company (engineers of mines, supervisors of production of crushers and screens). 
Achievements: 
o Setting objectives and their wait in real-time 2 Mining Engineer Updated 04/05/2017 
o Correction immediate pressures in the production 
o We have responsablises supervisors in their positions 
Mine superintendent: 
From October 2013 to 1st September 2016 ~ FORECARIAH GUINEA MINING 
A company mining, evolving in the iron ore of with a staff direct 750 employees and an indirect staff of 850, being at the beginning of the production with a million ton per year (Would seek to have the target in production) 
a. Responsible for medium term plan including budgeting b. Waste dump Design, planning and work organization c. Mine operations efficiency analysis d. Cost control and Mine dispatch efficiency analysis e. Local Staff training 
Results: 
A correction on the mining system applied during loading, transport and unloading Optimization of the Haulage distance with defining and designing potential in pit Dumps and proximity Dumps 
Reduce loss time of production Equipments with optimizing shift change, refueling, maintenance and other services for production efficiency 
A reorganization of the times shift rotation system 
A production one month after some days of work (two positions in charge) One month and few days of production, I got a promotion (so two position) Technical service superintendent From June to October 2013 Nordgold Guinea 
a. Responsible and coordinator of all the site Mine Engineering and Geology activities b. Strategic planning and life of mine update c. Mine Budgeting and projects managements d. Pit optimization and final pits Designs 
e. Cost control: operation and Contractor costs f. Nordgold reports and reconciliations g. Analyze control of report blocks in ore in quantity and quality (content) 
h. Run training for all the mining Engineers under my responsibility i. Control and rectify (while required) stage Pits designs, Waste Dump designs and other designs done by mining engineers under my responsibility 
Results: 
o Creation of mineralized waste in material classes to get Long term blend material between 0.4g/t to 0.6 g/t 
o Introduction of KPI s to track and boost mining production 
o Reduce loss time of Drill Rigs and production equipment Chief mine engineer / Technical service Superintendent( acting): October 2012 to Juin 2013- Crew gold corporation Guinea a. Pits production control with giving the right program to the contractors b. Safety in pits, Rom pads, waste dumps and on site roads (traffic control) 
c. Work with contractor shift superintendent to make sure that all the pits d. Open Pit design using pit shells and block model e. Life of Mine Schedule, Mine budget scheduling and costing f. Control the Short term schedules from the Mine planer and all the works from the junior engineers g. Run training for junior Engineers in pit designs, Blast designs, Waste Dump and Rom pad designs h. Annual, Quarterly and Monthly Reports and Production tracking are safe and operational 
Results: 
3 Mining Engineer 
Updated 04/05/2017 Re-designed Karta-Camp de Base Haulage routes to reduce the number of Haulage trucks from 5 to 3 trucks to haul ore to the Rompad. 
Success the ramp up from 1.2 millions to 7millions tonnes of ore for annual production with the plant change from CIC to CIL Revised the Rompad Design to increase the Feed rate keeping the safety. 
Mine planer / Senior Mine planer : August 2008 to October 2012 With Crew gold corporation- 
Guinea a. Open Pit design using pit shells and block model b. Life of Mine Schedule, Mine budget scheduling and costing c. Control the Short term schedules from the Mine planer and all the works from the junior engineers d. Run training for junior Engineers in pit designs, Blast designs, Waste Dump and Rom pad designs e. Annual, Quarterly and Monthly Reports and Production tracking 
Results: 
Good production tracking to achieve the target in term of grade and ounces 
Increasing production of 25% with good planning and control in daily basis 
Reduce loss time of Drill Rigs and production equipments 
Pit redesign for better mining recovering and safety considerations 
Mine planer: September 2006 to 
August 2008 - with Guinor SA- Guinea 
a. Weekly Mine Schedule for the contractor (PMC) 
b. Monthly and 3 months Mine Schedule 
c. End of month survey volume calculation for end of month reports and reconciliation. Monthly Production figures for Monthly Reports 
d. Day works management and control e. Daily and weekly dig maps, Blast design, blast map and blast notice Survey/ Supervisor surveyor/ chief surveyor: September 2003 to September 206- with Kenor and Guinor - Guinea 
a. Survey setout or markout( block for gold, pit design, ramp, grade controle,..) TBM and pickup ( drilling blast / drilling 
RC/ Rab / mining motoring daily/ mining motoring weekly and monthly) b. Mining data control, production control with Database, drilling & blast and daily reports c. Mool man Bros monthly report checks for its invoice payment 
d. Minor designs like pit designs (minor modifications), road design, trench design e. Survey works, Mapping and pit wall monitoring f. Employee time sheet for over times calculation and salary payment for daily workers g. Spotting in pit and grade control sampling (sample description) 
h. Weekly Pit inspections including hazards and others risks identification in mining site 
i. Water control using survey daily water levels 
j. Training for mining employees in Mining approved safety topics 
EDUCATION 
Academic Formation o 2002: Thesis in Mine Engineer Degree with a Distinction. 
o 1998-2002: Attended the Mining and geology university of Bok -Guinea :Mining Option o 1993 1997: Attended the secondary school in Guinea Dabola 
Barry Diawadou 
o 1989 1993: Attended junior secondary school in Guinea-Dabola 
Barry Diawadou 
o 1984 1989: Attended primary school in Guinea Dabola- 
Foundeng Formation Course 
a. Management (general administration and mining Projects Management) 
b. Induction trainings (First Aid courses; Fire suppression, Cyanide and acids usages) 
c. Incidents and accident reporting d. Tools box meeting and Pre-start meeting about safety issues in pit 4 
Mining Engineer 
Updated 04/05/2017 e. Driving Light vehicles and Motor bikes f. ISO14001 training for the protection of environment g. FLRA (Field Labour Risk Analysis) and JSA (Job Safety Analysis) 
h. Forum WAMSSA (West Africa Minerals Sector Strategic Assessment) 
i. Nordgold Football tournament in Moscow, October 2011 
j. Integrated Mine Planning: Strategy Optimization, November 2011, Johannesburg, South Africa 
Practicums 
o In 2000 - Practicum in Geodesy and topography: Pick up and Setout of projects including cadastral works o In 2001 - Practicum in General Geology: Impacts and results of the river activities, fossils and faults study at yomboya 
-Bok 
, Magmatism and rocks alterations, Formation of Bauxite from dolerite and other rocks by alteration, Hydraulic for water management and treatment at Batafon o In 2001 - Mining practice with CBG (Guinea Alumina Company) at Sangaredi, Bidikoun and Silidara. CBG was with 
ALCOA and ALCAN 
o In 2001 - Practicum in CBG (Guinea Alumina Company) plant at Kamsar- Bok (treatment of Aluminum in Guinea) 
o In 2001 Drilling & Blast with NITRO-KEMINE (CBG Sangaredi and kassongony Bok ) o In May-June 2002 Practicum with SMD Lero for all the operations: Exploration, Grade control, Mining, Drilling & blast, Processing and lab o In August-September -October 2002 Practicum with CBK (Alumina company of Kindia) drilling & blast operations. 
Data collection for my thesis on Drilling & blast optimization at CBK 
Softwares: 
o Word, Excel, Power Point, Outlook, Access (notion), Photoshop, Microsoft publisher 
o Gemcom-Surpac Vision, o Google earth o WHITTLE, 
o MineSched, o AutoCAD, AutoCAD CIVIL FPC and SPRY 
International Language spoken: 
o French Country official language (Excellent written and spoken both verbal and oral) 
o English 
written and spoken West African language spoken (vernacular) 
o Fulani: spoken in all West African countries o Malink : spoken in the Mali , Burkina, Cote Ivories and Republic of Guinea Conakry 
o Soussou: Spoken in Guinea Conakry 
Personal Interest (Leisure): Reading, Cinema, travelling 
Reference: Available on request 
