Garima Sengar 
Flat no 3, 2nd Floor 
H.No. 813A, 27th Main 5th Cross, BTM 2nd Stage Bangalore-560076 
MOBILE: +91-9989620748 
mailto:gauri401@gmail.com 
An enthusiastic, motivated & dedicated HR professional having 4+ years of experience. Seeking assignments in Human Resource role like Recruitment, Policy Designing, Training And Development, Induction & Orientation, Employee Engagement etc. 
to enhance my skills and give me opportunity to contribute to the continuous growth and success of the organisation. 
Professional Synopsis 
Proficient in Resourcing and Talent Planning. 
Strong in Service Delivery and Information, In Building Employee Relations, & Organisation Development. 
Proficient in interfacing and communicating with people at different levels. 
Experience in handling Recruitment and On-boarding, Screening, Scheduling, Interview Coordination, Performance Management, Negotiations. 
Understanding the business requirement & Maintaining the confidentiality to keep business information private & protected. 
Good Flexibility and Adaptability. 
Good communication, Interpersonal and presentation skills. 
Experience of taking multiple responsibilities. 
Ability to take initiatives and making right decisions. 
Educational Details 2011: MBA (Major- HR, Minor- Finance) from Indian Institute of Tourism & Travel Management, Gwalior. CGPA 
6.8 2008: B.Sc. (Biotech) from Jiwaji University, Gwalior. Aggregate percentage - 70.20% 2005: AISSCE (12th) from Kendriya Vidyalaya No-3, Gwalior. Percentage 71.80% 2002: AISSE (10th) from KV Kamptee, Nagpur. Percentage 78.00% Work Experience 
Company: Glofox Technologies(Product-Payraja.com)-Hyderabad 
Designation: HR Manager Duration: Dec15 to Till Date Roles & Responsibilities: 
Identifying the talent demand as per the business requirement and planning for the resources. 
Handling End to End recruitment from screening, shortlisting, interviewing, negotiating and on-boarding the candidates. 
Providing informative presentation during induction at the time of candidates joining to explain organisations policy and procedures. 
Designing & Implementing the organisation policy and ensuring that employees are complying with the policies. 
Defining the Organisation Structure & helping the employees to understand their reporting structure. 
Building healthy employee relations by understanding employees issues and resolving them on time, Be it related to Salary, Leaves, Attendance etc. 
Involving in budget planning and setting the compensation of employees as per the market & industry trends. 
Dealing with the disciplinary issues, and ensuring that it should not affect the business activity. 
Participating in business meetings on daily basis and understanding the flow of business like profit and revenue model. 
Providing the payroll inputs on monthly basis and working in coordination with finance department & ensuring the distribution of Salary on time. 
Planning and Implementing effective HR Strategy 
Executing Employee Engagement activity to keep people engaged and together like outings and organising fun activities. 
Improvising the current HR Practices 
Involved in marketing and content writing Taking care of operational activities. 
Company: IT Convergence-Hyderabad 
Designation: Recruiter Duration: September 14 to Oct 15(13 months) Roles & Responsibilities: Coordinating with Line of Business Heads for gathering the resource requirements & understating the project flow. 
Designing the job description and job specifications as per the business need. 
Sourcing Profile as per job priorities via job portals, referrals and social networking sites. 
Screening the candidates according to the skill requirement and scheduling the interviews. 
Selecting the best candidate and completing the pre-joining formalities like collecting the salary slips and offer letter, coordinating with LOBs to decide the salary/joining date, Negotiating , Reference Checks and closing the requirement. 
Providing crisp information to the candidate about his responsibility and policies and keep him engaged until he joins the organisation. 
Collecting all the documents of the candidate on the day of his joining and sending it to Core HR dept. for reference check. 
Building employee relations with respective candidate like handling his issues and concerns. 
Mapping the performance of joined candidates by continuously discussing with line managers. 
Improvising the recruitment strategy if not systematic. 
Providing the replacement of the candidate if he lefts the organisation in-between project work. Hence building very strong pipeline of the candidates. 
Coordinated in Freshers Drive, for Aptitude test , Technical Interview and HR round. 
Vendor Management and Coordination when requirement is very niche & ensuring that position is closed in given deadline. 
Have done around 40 hirings in 1 year. 
Worked on niche requirements Likes Apps Technical, Apps DBA, Hyperion Admin, SOA Developer, Network Admin, VMWare etc Using Oracle based tool(Job Science/Salesforce.com), Assists in managing profile database and putting all the information (like qualification, experience, Reason for change and CTC Details). 
Employee Engagement( Organizing Birthday events, small functions, Outings, Festive Games) Company: Gripsell Technologies Pvt. Ltd-Hyderabad 
Designation: HR Executive/HR Generalist & IT Recruitment(Client based) 
Duration: January 2012 to June 2013(18 months) 
Roles & Responsibilities Core HR Responsibilities: Recruitment: Identifying vacant positions and coordinating for filling up vacancies. 
Coordinating in campus interview for hiring freshers.( Aptitude test , Technical Interview and HR round) Coordinating with vendors for niche requirement of our company. 
Worked on the requirements like PHP Developer, Vice President-Marketing, Graphic and Web Designer, Finance Manager, Sales Manager/Sales Executive, Content Writer, Business Development Manager/Executive, Marketing Manager, Cartoonist etc. 
Completing the pre-joining formalities like negotiations, releasing offer and engaging the candidate until he joins. 
Handling post joining formalities once candidate on-boards i.e. collecting all the documents, reference checks and conducting induction. 
Introducing employees to the team and managers so that they will get familiar. 
Conducting trainings related to career growth and development, Safety, Email Etiquettes etc. 
Participating in daily reports and meetings to know about the performance of the employees and getting in touch with their respective managers. 
Addressing the concerns for the employees and resolving their issues/conflicts, Providing the counselling to the employees to enhance the performance and productivity. 
Keep the employees motivated through proper interventions and executing various Employee Engagement programs to keep people together. 
Communicate with Employees and Heads for better business alignment. 
Handling monthly payroll process of staff through payroll software & generating payslips of employees. 
To help newly joined employees for bank a/c opening and updating the a/c details for payroll processing. 
Maintaining leave cards, monthly, half yearly, annual leaves of each individual employee. 
Reviewing employees performance in every quarter & Discussing strengths and area of improvement with employees for better growth of organisation. Assisting Employees to improvise their performance. 
Taking care of Employee relations for the better growth and prospects of the organisation. 
Organizing birthday events and partys, Outings & Games related to team building etc. for employee engagement. 
Maintaining a database of the feedback received in exit interviews and highlighting the concern to management. 
Providing the employees with the relieving letters, letter of experience etc HR Operations: To prepare & maintain employee database, personal folders. 
Updating the employee details in case of any revisions happened. Coordination in formulation and implementation of increment, incentive and remuneration. Coordinating with housekeeping and security services of our company. 
Ensure compliance of PF/ESI and other statutory formalities. 
MIS report making and analysis of same. 
Responsible for Employee ID Card. 
Collating monthly reimbursement of Sales employee, if any. 
Company: Synverse Technologies-Hyderabad 
Role: IT Recruiter Duration: May 2011 to Nov 2011(7 months) 
Working on IT and Non-IT Requirements of clients Clients :- HCL, Datamatics, intelligroup, Ciber, CGS India, Collabera, FCS, OSI, Map my India etc. 
Responsibilities Handled 
Looking after the complete recruitment Cycle. 
Responsible for fulfilling Manpower Requirements of the company. 
Using portals like Naukri.com, Monster.com. 
Screening of relevant resumes with job description and skill sets given. 
Placing ads on Job Portals for various openings. 
Scheduling interviews of the potential candidates. 
Follow-ups with Candidates & Clients Close down the position within given time frame Hand-Holding of Candidate till Joining and after the joining also. 
Training(s) 
Name: Summer internship training Role: HR Trainee Summer internship training pursued from CADBURY INDIA LTD, GWALIOR. 
Duration 
45 Days (1st Jun, 2010 to 14th July, 2010). 
Achievement(s) 
Best HR award received in Gripsell for engaging the employees and handling all the responsibilities effectively. 
Appreciation certificate for hiring around 25 employees during a quarter in Glofox Technologies. 
Certificate of effort for participation in Cancer and AIDS prevention initiatives. 
Actively participated in debate and recreational activities at school/college level. 
Certificate of participation in Green Olympiad held at KV KAMPTEE, Nagpur. 
Participated as a Volunteer at the Gwalior heritage festival, 2010. 
Personal Dossier 
Date of Birth: 19th Dec 1986 
Father's Name: Sub Maj R S Sengar 
Languages known: English, Hindi. 
Current Location: 813A, Sairam Nilaya, 5th cross, 27th Main, BTM 2nd Stage, Bangalore-560076 
