CURRICULUM VITAE 
Name :- Sumit Gorakh Waghmare. 
Email ID :- sumitw14@yahoo.com Contact No. +91-7028328819 
Career Objective 
To work for an organization which provides me the opportunity to improve my skills and knowledge to growth along with the organization objective. 
Profile Summary 
An enthusiastic fresher with highly motivated and leadership skills. 
Expert in implementation of each step of project. 
Eager to learn new technologies and methodologies. 
Always willing to innovate the new things which can improve the existing technology. 
Personal Qualities 
Highly motivated and eager to learn new things. 
Strong motivational and leadership skills. 
Ability to produce best result in pressure situation. 
Excellent communication skills in written and verbal both. 
Ability to work as individual as well as in group. 
Educational Qualification 
B.E. Savitribai Phule Pune University.(2017) 
Dept. Of Mechanical Engineering. 
Parvatibai Genba Moze COE, Pune 
Diploma in Mechanical Engg.(2014) V.V.P.Polytechnic, Solapur. 
S.S.C. Maharashtra State Board(2011) Silver Jubilee Highschool, Barshi. 
70.80% 
69.72% 84.91% Technical Qualification 
Software courses :- CATIA and NxCAD 
Project details 
Name :- Orbital Riveting Machine. 
Description :- The Portable orbital riveter uses the principle of orbital riveting where in a high speed spinning riveting tool held at an angle in the riveting head is fed into the rivet. 
This results in cold forming of the rivet head of maximum strength and with comparatively low force (less than 80% force that of conventional method) result into a strong and accurate joint. 
Extra Curricular Activities 
Participated in national level one day workshop on Baja SAE India 2014. 
Participated in workshop on Cyborg 
The Robotics Workshop held by Kyrion 
Robotics Club & IIT Kharagpur. 
Participated in Paper Presentation 
A National level technical symposium organised by SVPM s COE, Malegaon. 
Participated in Project Competition conducted by V.V.P.Polytechnic Solapur. 
Personal Details 
Father s Name :-Mr. Waghmare Gorakh Ganpat. 
Mother s Name :- Mrs.Waghmare Sangita Gorakh. 
Date Of Birth :- 14th Aug. 1995 
Languages known :- Marathi, Hindi, English. 
Hobbies :- Reading Fiction Novels 
I hereby declare that all the above said facts are true to my knowledge. 
Date :- Place :- (Waghmare S.G.) 
