SREENA 
K Mob: +91 9886797581 
Bommanahalli, 
Email ID: s 
reenanair.k 
@gmail.com 
Bangalore - 560062 
CAREER OBJECTIVE : 
To work in a challenging environment that provides a lot of opportunities for learning. 
ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS : 
Course University/Board School/College Year Percentage 
MCA Kannur University 
Chinmaya Institute of Technology, Kannur, Kerala 2014 70 B.Sc. Kannur University 
Peoples cooperative Arts and Science College 
Munnad, Kerala 2011 80 
XIIth H S E Kerala 
B A R Higher Secondary 
School 
Bovikanam,Kasaragod 2008 74 
Xth I C S E 
St Anne's English 
Medium School Kottody, Kasaragod 2006 72 WORK EXPERIENCE 
Currently working as Junior Software Engineer in Langoor Digitals Pvt. Limited from March 2015 to till date 
TECHNICAL SKILLS: Languages : RUBY ON RAILS, HTML,CSS,JAVASCRIPT,JQUERY 
Databases : MySQL Operating Systems : MS Windows, Linux. 
PROJECTS UNDERTAKEN: Project #2 
Title : Kaapad 
Environment : Ruby On Rails, Slim HTML,CSS, MySQL, Java Script, J Query 
Role : Software Engineer 
Url 
: http://kaapad.com/ 
Description: 
Kaapad is an online portal where women are their own fashion designers. Users are allowed to design their own saree, salwar kameez and lehengas by choosing a material, color and size. Users can view a graphical representation of the outfit they are making while they make selections. Customers need to submit their measurements along with their choice of customization and designs and should expect the customized attire to reach their doorstep within few weeks. 
Project #2 
Title : Eazy Coach 
Environment : Ruby On Rails, HTML,CSS, MySQL, Java Script, J Query 
Role : Software Engineer 
Url : https://eazycoach.com/ 
Description: 
Eazy Coach is an online virtual class system, through which coaches and students get contact. 
Admin approved coaches can login and create programme and charge own price, Sell study materials online, Invite applications and provide free guidance. Students login and subscribe to programme and get study materials. Chat facility between students and coaches also available here. 
Project #3 
Title : Mustajir 
Environment : Ruby On Rails, HTML,CSS, MySQL, Java Script, J Query 
Role : Software Engineer 
Url : http://mustajir.langoorqa.net/ 
Description: 
This is UAE s only online marketplace for brand activation and short term retail spaces. As an online portal that specializes exclusively in short-term commercial real estate, Mustajir uses real-time data of availability across venues, sub-locations and properties to help brands and businesses uncover unique marketing and short term 
retail spaces with 
the right 
target audience and high customer traffic to commensurate with target audience, footfall requirements, locations and marketing budget. 
PERSONAL PROFILE: Date of Birth 
: 19th June 1990 Marital Status 
: Married 
Nationality : 
Indian 
Linguistic Proficiency : English, Malayalam 
Permanent Address 
: Mavilamkotta , 
(Po) Bandadukka, Chengala, Kasargode, Kerala. 
DECLARATION: 
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct and very much sincere as far my knowledge. 
Place: Bangalore 
Date : 
(Sreena K.) 
