 NAVEEN KUMAR S. BOMBORE : +91 97400 24374 
: navusrusti@gmail.com (mailto:navusrusti@gmail.com) , navusrusti@hotmail.com (mailto:navusrusti@hotmail.com) ~ PROFESSIONAL SYNOPSIS~ 
A dynamic HR professional with 8.4 years of rich experience in HR Generalist, IR and Administration functions. 
Currently working with Grasim Industries Limited (Aditya Birla Chemicals India Limited), Karwar as an Assistant Manager-HR & IR. 
A competent professional with degree of MSW and PGDHRM. 
An effective planner with a flair for working hard & contributing towards achievement and accomplishment of organizational goals. 
Resourceful in ensuring overall statutory and internal audit requirements in compliance with organizational policies. 
Ensuring timely submission of various reports with accuracy, quality and in stringent target deadlines. 
~ ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS~ MSW - Master of Social Work from University of Mysore 
PGDHRM - Post Graduate Diploma in Human Resource Management from KSOU, Mysore BA - Bachelor of Arts (Specialization: English, Applied. Statistics and History & Archeology) from SDM JSS College, Dharwad ~ ORGANIZATIONAL EXPERIENCE~ GRASIM INDUSTRIES LIMITED (Chemical Division), KARWAR 
Since July 15 Assistant Manager- HR, IR & CSR 
Grasim is a leading manufacturer of caustic soda and they are the leader in Chlor Alkali Manufacturing in India acquired the Karwar located Chlor alkali unit of the Solaris Chem Tech Ltd. In September 2013. This unit is now known as Grasim Industries Limited, Karwar (Formerly Aditya Birla Chemicals India Limited). CA&P Division has a caustic soda manufacturing facility with an installed capacity of 60,000 tpa and phosphoric acid plant with an installed capacity of 24,000 tpa, both located at Karwar in Karnataka and 3,000 acres of salt works in Gujarat. [Handling 800 manpower + 1 Union] VEER-O-METALS PVT. LTD., BENGALURU 
Nov14 
Jun15 
Assistant Manager- HR & IR 
Veer-O-Metals Pvt Ltd has been one of the leading manufacturers and exporters of precision sheet metal fabrication since 1965. It is well known in industrial circles for its superior sheet metal products. With the expertise acquired in the area of precision manufacturing over the past 45 years. Veer-O-Metals Pvt Ltd has pioneered customized manufacturing over the past five years, it has been growing at a rate of 50% year on year. [Handling 600 manpower + 1 Union] EMERSON INDUSTRIAL AUTOMATION ELECTRIC POWER GENERATION PVT. LTD., HUBLI 
Nov08 
Nov14 
Sr. Officer- HR & Admn. 
Emerson is a diversified global manufacturing company that brings technology and engineering together to provide innovative solutions to customers in the industrial, commercial and consumermarketsthroughits Process Management, Industrial Automation, Network Power, Climate Technologies, and Commercial & Residential Solutions businesses. Recognized widely for engineering capabilities and management excellence, Emerson has approximately 1, 33,000 employees and 235 manufacturing locations worldwide. Emerson is the world-leading specialist in industrial alternators and drive systems. [Handled 300 manpower + 1 Union] VASAN EYE CARE HOSPITAL, HUBLI 
Apl08 Nov08 
Executive- HR 
The Vasan Eye Care network is a premier institution of eye care hospitals in the country that has been making a difference to over 6 million patients every year, making it a household name in South India today. Vasan has been certified as the Worlds Largest Eye Care provider with the maximum number of stand-alone surgical centers in 2011 by Frost & Sullivan. [Handled 120 manpower] ~ PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE~ TALENT ACQUISITION: 
Sourcing the talent pool for recruiting the positions with priorrelevant experience. 
Handling complete Recruitment Life Cycle - Sourcing, Screening, Evaluating, Salary Negotiations and Reference Checks 
To provide the suitable candidate to concerned by arranging interview and co-ordination with Recruitment consultant and Involved in sourcing through Internal Job Posting, Employee Referral, Manpower Staffing Agency, Database & Search and Employment Exchange for all Departmental requirements and Campus interview for GET & DET scheme Carryout necessary joining formalities and induct in the system. 
Issue offer/appointment letter and introduce with department concerned. 
INDUCTION, LEARNING AND DEVELOPMENT: 
Organizing induction cum orientation program covering explanation of terms & condition of employment and HR policies, etc Identification of training needs in consultation with departmental heads through process of KRAs, performance appraisal and Skill matrix Design training calendar and execute training to suit the organization requirements Monitoring & Implementation of training calendar, Induction and Skill Matrix 
Coordinating with Corporate for implementing corporate training Programs 
Co-ordination with external agencies for conducting training program Gathering feedback from the participants for analyzing areas of improvement and implementing suggestions received from the employees. 
Analyzing feedback of all Training 
Measuring the effectiveness of each training program and Follow up for action plans Coordinate GET& DET program 
PERFORMANCE APPRAISAL: 
Coordinate for goal setting of employees, midterm performance review and final yearly assessment. Ensure timely completion of all phases of appraisal cycle Conduct and manage periodic performance assessment for employment confirmation. 
HR ANALYTICS: 
Provides management support to the Human Resource function in the areas of people metrics, reporting, and advanced and predictive analytics. 
Supports the Human Resource leadership team to identify business challenges and use data analysis to help influence changes to the operations, process or programs. 
Utilizes technology and analytical tools to develop and analyze enterprise-wide people and other cross-functional data as needed. Identify the factors that lead to greater employee satisfaction and productivity 
PAYROLL, COMPENSATION & BENEFITS: 
Payroll Processing( Salary computation, which also includes regular attendance checking, compiling leave statements and OT hours statements) 
To coordinate with the Finance & IT department for monthly payroll system, necessary entries for new joiner`s, separation cases, salary advances, etc. 
Preparation of full & final settlement, issuing relieving and experience certificate. 
Time Office Management. 
Salary structuring for all employees and implementation of minimum wages for workers. 
Updating the Muster roll, Wage Register, Leave Register, Leave book of an each employee. 
Preparation of HR reports and presentations like Manpower reports, overtime and late coming, absenteeism reports of on roll and off roll employees Exit interviews. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (Continued) STATUTORY COMPLIANCE: 
Evolving systems and processes for ensuring 100% Statutory Compliances are in place 
Implementation of Factories Act and Karnataka Factories Rules 
Obtain license, plan approval, half yearly and annual returns, accident information, notify the relevant rules on notice boards under the Factories Act. 
Complying the inspection reports of Factory Inspector. Application and obtaining Registration Certificate, amendments to Certificate, ensuring Contractors licenses, returns under the Contractor Labour (R & A) Act. Collecting data on minimum wages and notifying for payments to Contract labours. 
Monitoring the contractors records and other documents 
Engagement & registration of Apprentices contracts, Filing the Returns and maintenance of records of apprentices as per the Apprentices Act. 
Maintenance of Statutory Registers, Forms, Abstracts 
Monthly, Quarterly/Annual returns under EFP Act, ESI Act, Bonus Act, Factories Act, Employment Exchange Act, Apprentice Act, Labor Welfare Fund, Professional Tax, and K.S.P.C.B Etc. 
Liaison with Factory, Labour, Employment, Apprentices, KSRTC, Local bodies and Officials. 
Advise internal management or business partners on the implementation or operation of compliance programs 
Attending audits on legal compliances with Statutory authorities and handling internal customer audits Provide assistance to internal or external auditors in compliance reviews. 
Prepare management reports regarding compliance operations and progress 
Monitor compliance systems to ensure their effectiveness. 
Follow up of labour cases and coordinating with Advocates, their retainer ship contract and payments. 
Verify that all firm and regulatory policies and procedures have been documented, implemented, and communicated Creating awareness of statutory provisions/laws across organization 
Provide support to internal User Departments on compliance and legal issues proactively and keep them informed of their legal responsibilities and compliances to be made Updating compliance status in online compliance tool i.e. on EY cloud server 
INDUSTRIAL RELATION/ EMPLOYEE RELATIONS & EMPLOYEE WELLNESS: 
Hands on experience in managing employer-employee relations, maintaining a peaceful and harmonious environment. 
Monitoring the benefits & package as per the LTS 
Maintenance of adequate discipline among employees Grievance Mechanism-Handling the Grievances of employees in Initial stage Employee discipline-Compliance with the Company Standing orders and General service Rules 
Preparation of Memos, Show Cause Notice against Disciplinary Issues 
Noting, drafting of the correspondence of the dept. including the disciplinary actions and legal notices Representing management in Disciplinary Issues 
Timely providing all the welfare amenities to the employees. 
Ensuring all the statutory welfare facilities to be available for all workforces. 
Get the feedback from the stake holders to develop industrial peace and improve the environment 
EMPLOYEE ENGAGEMENT ACTIVITIES: 
Organizing motivational and developmental activities from time to time i.e. Cricket Match, Quiz competition, Dassera celebration, Annual Tour, Safety Day Celebration, World Environment Day, World Aids Day, Tree Plantation, Blood Donation Camp, Family get together, Birthday Celebration, etc... Designing and implementation of employee rewards and recognition programs Heading the committees like, Canteen Committee, Housekeeping Committee, and an active member of safety committee Maintaining Welfare facilities like Uniform, Canteen, Transportation, First aid, Sports and Cultural Activities 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE (Continued) IMPLEMENTATION OF SYSTEMS: 
Quality Management System ISO-9001-2008 
Environment Management System ISO-14001-2004 
BS Occupational Health Safety Assessment Series -18001-2007 
5S Initiated 
CSR & OTHER RESPONSIBILITIES: 
Undertaking survey through third party for need identification 
Implementing needs of the village by coordinating with NGOs. 
Timely execution of various schemes as per the plan and Evaluation of various schemes. 
Co-ordinate overall housekeeping of factory premises and other administrative activities 
Ensuring efficient running and management of the Canteen 
Coordination for journals & Magazines publications 
Maintenance of Human Resource Information Systems (HRIS) & MIS. 
Budget Planning for HR & Administration department ~ PROFESSIONAL ACHIEVEMENTS~ 
On time/before time recruitment of various posts Contributed towards increasing Training hours per person for both Workmen and Staff 
Faced/Involved in ISO 9001-2008(QMS)/ISO 14001-2004 (EMS)/BS OHSAS 18001-2007 Internal, Certification & Surveillance Audits as a core member Increased Employee development by implementing Suggestion Scheme, Sports activities, Training and Employee Engagement activities through communication plan Initiated 5s & WCM activities ~ TRAINING UNDERTAKEN~ 
Internal Auditor for ISO 9001-2008 Internal Auditor for BS OHSAS 18001-2007 
Safety Leadership Skills 
First Aid Master Trainers on HIV/AIDS-Workplace Intervention 
CURRICULUM FIELD WORK EXPERIENCE~ 
Jul-2007 to Aug-2008 Kaypee 
Electronics and Associates Private Limited, Bangalore (Block Placement) Jul-2006 to May-2007 Bharath Earth Movers Limited(BEML), Mysore ~ ACADEMIC ACHIEVEMENTS~ 
Secured 1st position to the college in Degree examination and scored 199 out of 200 marks in Applied Statistics subject Secured 2nd position to the college in 10+2 Examination 
Worked as Secretary of the college Union and Gymkhana for the year 2004 ~ IT SKILLS~ 
Well versed with Microsoft Office-2013 - MS Word, Microsoft Excel, Power Point & Internet Applications 
Microsoft Navision Service Pack-3 Version 4.0 (ERP) 
Oracle's PeopleSoft application & Oracle Taleo (Poornata). ~ PERSONAL DETAILS~ 
Date of Birth : 3rd August 1983 Fathers Name : Sathish Bombore 
Languages Known : English, Hindi, Kannada and Marathi 
Marital Status : Unmarried 
Passport No : L3545338 valid up to 10-09-2023 Present Address : D-12, ABCIL Colony, Grasim Industries Limited (ABCIL), Binaga, Karwar, Karnataka 
Permanent Address : C/o R S Ganvatkar, # 41, Renuka Krupa, Shetter Colony, Dharwad, Karnataka ~ DECLARATION~ 
I hereby solemnly declare that all the foregoing information is correct to the best of my Knowledge and belief. I have not suppressed any material fact or factual information in the above statement. 
Thanking you, Naveen Kumar Bombore 
