 Martin Tom 
Page 1 / 2 PERSONAL INFORMATION Martin Tom 
Kuzhikattil house, Arikuzha p.o, Thodupuzha, pin 685608, India 
+918281012063 martinkuzhikattil@gmail.com WhatsApp +918281012063 
Sex Male | Date of birth 23/03/1995 
| Nationality INDIAN EDUCATION 
Course Name of the Institution University/ Board 
Year of passing Percentage 
B.TECH 
(Mechanical 
Engineering) 
Viswajyothi College of Engineering and Technology, Vazhakulam 
Mahatma Gandhi 
University, Kottayam 2017 62% Higher 
Secondary 
St. George s H.S.S 
Muthalakodam 
Board of Higher 
Secondary Education 
Kerala 2013 85% High School 
Carmel CMI Public School, Vazhakulam 
CBSE 2011 80% PERSONAL SKILLS JOB APPLIED FOR PERSONAL STATEMENT 
Mechanical Engineer. 
To remain assertive, adaptive, adjustable and thereby achieve and appreciate every better aspects of life. 
Mother tongue languages known Organisational / managerial skills Malayalam 
English 
(read, write, speak) Hindi (read, write, speak) Malayalam (read, speak) Punjabi 
(speak) 
Excellent communication skills. 
Creative and Logical. 
Self-Motivated and Good team player. 
Problem-solving ability Keen observer. 
Innovative thinker 
Good listener. 
Job-related skills Problem-solving ability. 
3D drawing software Creo 2.0 Parametric. 
All operations on lathe, drill machine, grinding machine, slotting machine, shaping machine, hand cutters, milling machine. 
Small programs on CNC machine, smithy, carpentry. 
Martin Tom Page 2 / 2 Digital competence SELF-ASSESSMENT 
Information processing Communication 
Content creation Safety 
Problem solving Proficient user Proficient user Proficient user Proficient user Proficient user 
SEMINAR 
Solar absorption refrigeration system using multi stage heat storage method. 
Sun s energy is used to supply power for the air conditioning unit and PCMs (phase changing materials) are used to store heat energy for the ac at times of absence and in low intensities of sunlight. This system gives 1.7 times higher efficiency than the present system. 
INTERNSHIPS 15 days of internship at OEN India Limited, Tripunithara, Kochi. (This company manufactures relay and relay parts and I studied each and every process in the factory involved in the making of a relay.) 
Attended Vertical Eye, a training workshop on Power communication. 
PROJECT Automatic Cocoa Bean Separating Machine. 
My project Automatic Cocoa Bean Separating Machine is a new invention. The main objective of this machine is to reduce to time and automatic bean and pod separation process. The cutting mechanism cuts the cocoa fruit vertically into two pieces and then is rotated in a cylinder so the beans and pods get separated easily. Highly efficient and works on solar power, portable (can be taken to field). 
ACHIEVEMENTS REFERENCES 
Mr. Vinoj K 
HOD, Mechanical Department, VJCET 
Mail id: kvinoj78@gmail.com 
Mobile: 9847411887 
Other skills 
Coordinator of different programs and conferences at college. 
Good swimmer. 
College football team captain (2014-2017) Good in craft work. 
Pencil drawing. 
Member of college NSS camp. 
Mechanic (repair automobiles) Good athlete.(sprinting, state level) NCC, Scout (2001-2008) 
Driving licence LMV, M/C with gear Presentations 
Honours and awards Selected for 
Youth Citizen Entrepreneurship Awards by UNESCO which will be held at Berlin. 
Finalist of National Innovative Summit conducted by MIT and Techtop at IIT Delhi, july 2017. 
BIIC (business innovation and incubation centre) candidate of Mahatma Gandhi university. 
Finalists of Yuva Mastermind 2017 conducted by Malayala Manorama. 
Won many prizes for presenting project in different colleges. 
National level first prize for my project Automatic Cocoa Bean Separating Machine . 
Patent process is undergoing for my project. 
Shortlisted for 
Gandhiyan Young Technological and Innovative Awards 2018 by Rashtrapathi Bhavan. 
