Madhuri Ramagopal 
Phone: +91-7760572065 
E-mail: madhuri.ramagopal@gmail.com 
Summary: 
Experienced content writer with a strong background in computer applications bearing an objective to pursue a challenging career in content creation and digital marketing that will provide me an opportunity to contribute significantly and grow professionally to my full potential. 
Professional Experience: 
Text Mercato, Bangalore, India March 2016 to Present 
Project Coordinator & Content Manager 
Interfaced between writers and clients for delivery of content stipulated by clients. 
Conducted quality checks on all content received by individual writers as per requirements of clients. 
Created documents pertaining to client requirements: website content, blog articles, social media posts, product descriptions etc. for effective communication for internal and external teams. 
Coordinated with cross functional teams for effective and timely delivery of all projects. 
List of Clients: Snapdeal, Ayur Indus, Food feasts, Alliance Tours, Automobi, HolidayIQ, Decathlon, Urban Ladder, Content Mart 
Squadway Technologies LLP, Bangalore, India July 2014 to December 2015 Content Manager 
Managed and led a team of 3 that worked extensively on web content creation and management. 
Contributed towards website content development and management for diverse clients across the world. 
Played many cross functional roles: User Interface (UI) Design, Client Relation Management, Social 
Media Management, Blog Content Creation. 
Actively participated in creating blog articles to enhance client s brand equity by effective utilisation of multiple social media platforms. 
Ensured that all projects were delivered and implemented on agreed-upon timelines with high quality. 
Acted as an interface between client and internal teams to ensure successful delivery of projects. 
Managed 30 client projects from concept to go-live, increasing company revenue by 20 percent. 
Contributed actively in operational decision-making with key management. 
Clients: Chefs de desi, Settler, Virginia Mall, Sound Vision Events, K.L.E Schools, K.L.E Banyan- 
Bangalore, Hubli & Belgaum, Chef Baker, Home Classic Health, Quest HR Solution, Policy for Life, The Car Spa, ProLead, K.L.E Society. Astrakart, Born In Flight, Habitat Interiors, Perthfash, Crazzysanta, Fosberry Foods (Australia), Helios, Abhinaya (Mumbai, India), Sujal 
Associates, Times Group- One Bengaluru, Schooling steps and Home Affairs. Notezine, Bangalore, India 
July 2011 to January 2013 Content Development Intern 
Collated data for the magazine targeted for college students. 
In-charge of editing feature articles for in-house magazines, and adding photo-captions for pictures used for the magazine. 
Interacted with target audience for data collection for all magazines Edited and wrote feature articles for the in-house magazine. 
Contributed to design the pages of the in-house magazine. 
Managed and implemented the overall content development of all magazine issues. 
Academic Details: 
Maharani Lakshmi Ammanni College for Women 
Bangalore University 
July 2011 to June 2014 Madhuri Ramagopal 
Phone: +91-7760572065 
E-mail: madhuri.ramagopal@gmail.com Bachelors in Computer Application (BCA) 
Additional Information: 
Fluency in four languages - English, Hindi, Kannada, Tamil. 
Member of organizing committee for, Eclecia 2013 
inter college fest at Maharani Lakshmi Ammanni 
College for Women. 
Awarded with certificate of excellence for 
Spelling bee at Surabhi intra college fest organized by Maharani Lakshmi Ammanni College for Women. 
Strong Interest in reading, writing, singing, traveling and light classical music. 
