Curriculum Vitae: Carel Rothmann 
2012 CV SERVICE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 1 CAREL ROTHMANN 
Occupation HR Management & OD Professional 
Age 59 Gender Male Nationality South African 
Ethnic Group White 
Work Permit No 
Works on a yearly renewable contract in Saudi Arabia - expiring and next renewal end of Mar 2017. 
Language English, Afrikaans 
Next Career Move 
Seeking challenging an assignment across the Oil & Gas/Mining/Heavy 
Industry as Specialist OD in HR with a highly recognized and reputed organization which shall enable me to extend my capability and optimal utility of my potential, helping me to transfer my knowledge and achieve job satisfaction. 
Desired job location Willing to re-locate locally / internationally Current Employer YASREF Yanbu Aramco Sinopec Refining company 
Availability 1 month notice Contact Details 
Cell phone +966 5665 38349 Email wiekusrothmann580@hotmail.com rothmanncarel@gmail.com 
Residential Location Yanbu, Saudi Arabia and South Africa 
Profile Proactive, diligent, multi-tasking and result-oriented HR Professional with over 25 years of accomplished experience in international Human Resource management, mentoring and leadership initiatives. Currently working with Yasref as HR Systems Policy and Planning as Head of the Unit. Assigned this position with the start-up of the refinery. Pragmatic, with proven Managerial acumen and abilities to withstand work pressures, deliver assignments within specified time frame without compromising on quality benchmarks. 
Education 1998 
Technikon Witwatersrand 
Master's Degree: Human Resources Management 1995 
Louw Du Toit & Associates 
Organization Development 1993 Technikon Witwatersrand 
National Higher Diploma - Human Resources Management 1992 Technikon Pretoria Time Studies & Sample 1991 
Technikon RSA 
National Diploma - Human Resources Management 1976 Langenhoven High School 
Grade 12 (Matric) Professional Courses / Training 2011 Attended Organisation Design Seminars in the US 
Organisation Design Forum 
1998 Investment In Excellence The Pacific Institute 1996 Turn Strategy Benchmarking Ernst & Young 
1993 Mentorship & Career Orientation Program Esselen Park Training College 1992 Developing Procedures Policies Information Mapping & Documentation 1991 Building & Developing 
Cross-Cultural Teams Whitehead Morris Pty 
Ltd 
Grievance & Disciplinary Procedures Esselen Park Training College Management 
School 1990 
Training of Trainers 
Job Evaluation methods Patterson, Paromnes, Hay, Merc and Mercer 
Curriculum Vitae: Carel Rothmann 
2012 CV SERVICE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 2 Professional Certifications / Registrations / Memberships South African Board for Personnel Practitioners. 
Computer Skills Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint) Areas of Expertise Recruitment & Selection Policy Formulation Industrial & Employee Relations Leadership & Team Building 
Group Dynamics Competency Mapping Consultancy 
Compensation & Benefits Job Description & Evaluation Time & Motion Studies Training & Organizational Development Process Development & Improvement 
HR Budgets 
Auditing Resource Allocation 
Regulatory Compliance Review 
Standardization 
Duties Breakdown HRD Consultant 1 year 70% 
Project Management and implementation of a total HR department that include Training Section, Remuneration Section, Recruitment Section, Policies Section and Organisation Design and Manpower Planning Section 30% 
Training of new Entrees into these functions for 12 companies Senior OD Specialist / Advisor 4 years 100% 
Manpower Planning, Organisation Design, Job 
Evaluation and Job Descriptions for Corporations Mining, Refinery, Smelter and Rolling Mill Operations (Gold, Aluminium, Phosphate and Magnetite) HR Specialist 1 year 50% 
Organisation Design proposals. 
50% 
Executive and Managerial Job descriptions, writing and Job Evaluations 
Head of Policy & Compensation 4 years 80% 
Managing the Compensation, Remuneration, Policy and Manpower Functions 20% 
(OD - Job description and Evaluation) Various in Progression - Transnet 15 years 10% 
Administration 30% 
General HR 30% OD, Compensation and Job Evaluation 30% 
Managing the Department with Recruitment, Psychology, Wellbeing and OD 
1. SEP 2014 PRESENT 
(GAP BETWEEN MAR AND SEPT INBETRWEEN JOBS) 
YASREF Yasref Aramco Sinopec Refining Company Head of HR Systems, Policy and Planning 
Overview 
To ensure the proper integration of reward policies, HR systems, and organization planning structures. 
Responsibilities Staff reporting to this position: 
Payroll, Org & Salary (SAP), HR Systems (SAP + Success Factor), Organization & Job Evaluation 9Towers 
Watson + Hay), Compensation & Benefits. 
Ensure that YASREF s compensation and benefits programs are competitive in the market and comply with the Saudi Labour Law. 
Liaise with external consultants and third-parties selected by YASREF to carry-out the compensation and benefits related projects. 
Ensure that the compensation and benefits policies and processes are integrated, specifically performance management, talent management, career development and recruitment. 
Support the implementation of various organizational HR strategies and programs to maximize their effectiveness and ensure the compensation policies and programs are well understood and fully adopted. 
Provide input to the configuration, design and customization of the Human Resources modules and other related system modules. 
Process reports related to employee information and data and ensure the reliability and accuracy of Employee HR Database System. 
Initiate and lead Job Analysis and Job Description projects and update all Job Descriptions in case of any 
Curriculum Vitae: Carel Rothmann 
2012 CV SERVICE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 3 changes in the YASREF Organization Structure. 
Achievements 
Implemented the complete set of Succedss factors in the SAP system. (PM, I- Content, CDP, e-Learning, e- 
Recruiting and On boarding, Workforce Analytics, Succession Planning and Jam) Revision of the Job Metrics with Job families that indicates standard minimum qualifications per group and Job. 
Lead the annual merit increase and promotion budget through an annual job matching exercise. Measured 
Yasref against and within the market and peer group of companies. Also see to that the Bonus program is initiated prior to the set time for the event. 
Adjusted policies against the standards set by the Saudi Arabian Labour law. 
Reason for leaving Retirement. 
1. MAR 2012 MAR 2014 Pan Gulf Holding 
HRD CONSULTANT 
Overview 
Pan Gulf has 2400 employees and consists of 10 companies (Steel, Welding Solutions, Steel Works, Industrial Systems, Fabrication, Piping and Telecoms). It is also expanding on its, Food, FMCG and Vita leg recently established. 
Responsibilities Reporting to the Managing Director and Chief Executive Officer. 
Directly managing a staff complement of 21. 
Entrusted with the responsibility of establishing a fully fledged HR Department into operation with OD & compensation, training, policies, manpower and systems. 
Planning and organizing training for people to occupy various HR functions in the established sections. 
Tasked with writing up job descriptions for all the companies within the timeframe of 6 months Responsible for implementing and evaluating the job evaluation system (Hay), getting all positions evaluated and developing salary structure. 
Involved in benchmarking positions in the market on prior market research and pinning down a company specific remuneration and benefits structure for all to use. 
Analyzing and revising the current performance management system and implementing Individual 
Development Plan (IDP) to enhance the Saudization program. 
Assigned responsibility of getting employees (Saudi citizens) trained up in job evaluation, remuneration and compensation and giving them appropriate coaching and exposure to the job at hand. 
Achievements 
Instrumental in implementing the payroll system in spite of the lack of infrastructure with the help of the ERP 
Department. 
Successfully developed and compiled an authority matrix for the company and its affiliated companies to streamline the authorization of various documents. 
Commended for the ongoing project of incorporating the document into the planned self-service system implementation. 
Reason for wanting to leave Would like to move closer to South Africa. 
2. OCT 2007 OCT 2011 
Ma aden Mining Company 
SENIOR ORGANIZATIONAL DEVELOPMENT SPECIALIST / ADVISOR 
Overview 
Ma aden Mining has more than 3,300 employees at its headquarters and affiliates. 
Responsibilities Reporting to the VP HR & IS. 
Responsible for the group of companies from a head office perspective by providing direction, policies, regulations and audit of the OD function. Indirectly manage the staff in the different companies appointed in 
HR position related to OD, job evaluation, restructuring and compensation. Responsible for the specific sections, organization design / job levels / position descriptions / HR processes and manpower requirements in so far as the development of Ma aden Phosphate Company, including phases 1 - 3 in the new gold mine and smelter; different stages of the Aluminium mine & refinery, smelter and rolling mill. 
Supervised the Manpower Specialist, Compensation Specialist (in-training) and HRIS Technician. 
Involved in the structure development including manpower needs, position descriptions, job evaluation, 
Curriculum Vitae: Carel Rothmann 
2012 CV SERVICE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 4 manpower and structural compilations for various mining, plant and operational projects. 
Entrusted with the responsibility of writing major manuals and processes for corporate including job evaluation, job family manual, service function staff ratios, project team size manual / guideline, job titling, etc. 
Responsible for devising and implementing organizational development, job evaluation and description services function for offering a full range of workplace, strategic workforce and business process improvement services. 
Ensured that all job description, evaluation, grading / re-grading, salary adjustment and spot award activities were completed fairly, equitably and efficiently. 
Achievements 
Successfully developed processes for job levels, job evaluation and completed the Professional / Dual 
Career Ladder for Professionals and Technical Experts. 
Commended for leading project to oversee policies and methods related to employee relations. 
Reason for leaving Contract expired. 
3. AUG 2006 AUG 2007 Kuwait Petroleum Company (KPC), Kuwait 
HR SPECIALIST 
Overview 
Kuwait's national oil company is an umbrella company that integrated KOC, KNPC, KOTC & PIC and effectively placed them under Government control. 
Responsibilities Reporting to the HR Manager - OD & Recruitment. 
Was solely utilised to evaluate all the Managerial and Executive positions within the corporation of +/- 25 - 30, 000 staff in the different companies that include refineries, oil shipping and joint ventures with neighbouring countries. 
Actively involved in continuous improvement of HR including policy and procedure development, job evaluations, training and development. 
Key person for planning and scheduling, budgets and forecasting, performance appraisals, sourcing and recruiting, manpower utilization, compensation and benefits, control systems and dispute resolution. 
Tasked to implement and revise all position evaluations starting from Tier 1 MD, Assistant MD and Tier 3 Manager levels. 
Performed HAY job evaluation for executive staff and MEIRC job evaluation for Manager grades and created training materials and devices to inform employees about the grading system. 
Conducted work groups and meetings and advised administrative personnel on HR issues Organized brainstorming on long and short-range plans to effectively utilize the organization's human assets in accordance with KPC s policies and procedures. 
Advised staff responsible for maintaining and improving existing programs, tracking budgets and forecasting expense control. 
Drafted and implemented Committee decisions in the form of procedure systems, regulations and devised models for personnel development. 
Coordinated recruitment, staff testing, cross departmental deputation, formulating job descriptions and supervising execution of documentary and administrative functions for employees. 
Pooled resources, ensuring optimum manpower utilization. 
Enforced training plans for staff in collaboration with the Management, ensuring right control systems were in place in consultation with Officials. 
Reason for leaving Made a better offer. 
4.1 FEB 2006 JUL 2006 Kahramaa, Doha, Qatar 
HEAD OF POLICY & COMPENSATION 
Responsibilities Reporting to the Director HR. 
Directly managing a staff complement 4 reporting to me and client list of 3500 staff of the City Council. 
Advise Management on strategies for compensation flexibility in prevailing job market and supervised all programs, plans and activities pertinent to HR policy. 
Created a system of documenting and regularly reviewing specific HR process to ensure efficiency. 
Developed new forms and led development of related guidelines. Allocated work and established protocols, goals, and deadlines. 
Conducted OJT and established staff-development procedures, proposed draft policies and implemented 
HR management directives pertaining to QGEWC. 
Curriculum Vitae: Carel Rothmann 
2012 CV SERVICE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 5 Achievements 
Successfully established a turnkey job evaluation system (MERCER) and a new remuneration system. 
Initiated migration of existing HR policies and system to an English compatible framework within 2 years. 
Reason for leaving Made a better offer. 
4.2 JUN 2002 
FEB 2006 
Kahramaa, Doha, Qatar 
JOB EVALUATION ANALYST 
Responsibilities Reporting to the Head of Policy and Compensation. 
Directly managing 2 Trainees 1 Policy and 1 for job descriptions. 
Engineered processes for job evaluation, training, career ladders, and spot awards. 
Coordinated and monitored performance appraisal process to ensure equability in all awards. 
Developed accurate job descriptions for all grades in the company, defined operational skill sets critical to performance, and instituted related measurement frameworks such as salary and grading systems. 
Generated Management reports on skill development and other associated trends. 
Established job families used for development of training programs for the different levels of engineering and technical staff and assisted IT in new salary structure setup for correct payment of benefits and salaries. 
Applied appropriate grading mechanism for new and significantly altered jobs, recommended provisional grades to Team Leader and liaised with Consultants on audit reviews and surveys. 
Started salary surveys and job correlation exercises to benchmark against major Gulf companies and made commensurate changes to salary offers for new engagements, promotion increments and spot awards. 
Ensured assessments were accurately input into the system and all adjustments quickly implemented. 
Monitored quality control, database maintenance and revised design of job description policies and formats, implementing changes as appropriate. 
Achievements 
Successfully resolved pay related grievances and problems and ensured speedy mitigation. 
Credited for maintaining HSE-compliant safe working environment. 
Reason for leaving Internal promotion. 
Curriculum Vitae: Carel Rothmann 
2012 CV SERVICE. ALL RIGHTS RESERVED. 6 
Career History: Previous Positions 5. OWNER 
Kempton Park, South Africa 
Feb 1998 
Jun 2002 
*Reason for leaving: Economic downfall 6. 
HR MANAGER / HR SUPERINTENDENT / COMPUTER TRAINER / SENIOR CLERK / CLERK 
Transnet National Transport Company, South Africa 
Jan 1983 
Feb 1998 
*Reason for leaving: Resigned 7. REPRESENTATIVE 
Sanlam Insurance Company, South Africa 
Dec 1979 
Feb 1983 
*Reason for leaving: Received a bursary 8. PRIVATE INFANTRYMAN 
South African Army, South Africa 
Jan 1977 Dec 1979 
*Reason for leaving: End of service Professional Strengths Demonstrated expertise in managing organizational design & development, succession planning and compensation. 
Possessing sound knowledge of the principles and practices supporting effective HR management with expertise in decision making, critical thinking and analysis, networking and interpersonal communication. 
Skilled at assessing, training and developing the top management for better decision taking in all aspects of management and training subordinates for professional development to take over the job. 
Project driven individual with hands-on experience in HR process development and re-engineering of processes and systems in HR. Writing of various manuals and new allowances procedures. 
Hands-on experience in formulating HR policies and procedures, competency based recruitment, job design & description, performance appraisal system, training & development & compensation and welfare program. 
Resourceful & focused with undoubted Integrity, high level of flexibility and adaptability, interpersonal skills, multitasking. 
Strong leadership traits with the ability to bring out the best in others while creating a healthy and friendly work environment. 
Intelligent thinker, passionate and energetic, balanced with a pragmatic approach, along with the ability to inspire individuals at all levels of the organization. 
A cheerful and enthusiastic team player with the ability to lead a team by example and motivate them to achieve desired objectives coupled with excellent communication, interpersonal and negotiation skills. 
References Available on request. 
