RESUME VIKALP GUPTA 
66, Jyoti Nagar, Khandwa (MP) E-mail vikalp142@yahoo.in (mailto:vikalp142@yahoo.in) 
Contact: 7828418156 
Objective: 
To make full utilization of my skills and abilities in contributing to the goals of the Organization and that to Mark my Presence with consequent growth and achieving job satisfaction at challenging position as a leader and a team member. 
Summary Qualification: 
Deep knowledge on various softwares and latest techniques introduced in market. 
Excellent communication skills and interpersonal skills 
Personal Skills: 
Willing to try new things and am interested in improving efficiency on assigned tasks. 
Key person, Trustful leadership. 
Academic Profile : 
Bachelor of engineering (Computer Science) by RGPV Bhopal at S.D.I.T.S. Khandwa with 61.50%. 
Higher Secondary school certificate exam by M.P. Board, Bhopal at School for SVM, Khandwa with 58.44%. 
High school certificate exam by M.P. Board, Bhopal at School for SVM, Khandwa with 73.2%. 
Experience: 
1 year working experience in IMSI (Client of IBM) in Lupin Company at the post of desktop engineer from Dec 2014 to Jan 2016. 
1 year working experience in Tele Performance at the post of technical support associates In Asus process Sept 2013 to Sept 2014. 
8 month working experience in ITguru at the post of Desktop support engineer. From Jan 2013 to Sept 2013. 
Certification 
Microsoft Certified Solutions Expert (MCSE) (https://www.microsoft.com/en-us/learning/mcse-certification.aspx) on windows server 2012 Technical Skills 
Installation and configuration of Windows server 2012 
Maintaining and creating user accounts and groups by assigning Respective 
Permissions 
Installing and configuring DNS Server 
Installation of Active Directory & Creation and Managing User Accounts in Active Directory Services and Additional Domain Controllers 
IIS service configuration & Management 
Troubleshooting Active Directory, and Related Problems 
Software Deployment in Windows using group policies Remote Administration of all windows servers using terminal services Installing and administering Network Print Server 
FTP configuration in Windows 
Managing Backups and Restoration of data Active Directory 
Configuration print server Configuring group policy in 2012 server 
Managing the User account and Computer account with its policy and profiles in 
Windows Server 2012 
Installation and Configuration Primary and Secondary DNS. 
Installing and configuring DHCP Services 
Backup DNS, DHCP and Active Directory 
Sharing, Securing Accessing Files and Folders 
Managing System and Group policies. 
Personal Profile: 
Father's Name : Mr. Narendra Gupta 
Mother's Name : Mrs.Tilotma Gupta 
Date of Birth : 14.FEB.1989 
Languages Known : English & Hindi 
Personal Interest : Net Surfing & Video Games 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge belief. 
Place Indore Vikalp Gupta 
