Sivvam Chaitanya Kumar 
Email: chaitanyamech106@gmail.com 
B Tech in Mechanical Engineering 
Contact: +919949756458 VITAM College of Engineering 
Career Objective: 
To continuously enhance my knowledge, skills and expertise by getting involved in challenging work environment and utilize them for personal and organizational growth to the best of my ability. 
Academic Qualifications: 
Qualification Institution University/Board Year of Passing 
Percentage of Marks % B Tech VITAM College of Engineering 
J N T U 
Kakinada 2015 
68.3 
Intermediate Narayana Junior College B I E 2011 89.5 X class 
Viswa Vignana Vidyalayam S S C 2009 
72.1 
Technical Skills: 
Can design simple structures and load distribution along various complex structures by using ANSYS software. 
Can draw and represent many complex parts in 2-D & 3-D using AUTO CAD. 
Software Skills: 
AUTOCAD, ANSYS, MS OFFICE and C BASICS. 
Academic and Co-Curricular Activities: 
Attended the two day National Workshop on Career Guidance & Quality for Employability. 
Attended the seminar on Advances in 
Welding Technology 
conducted by Institute of Engineering. 
Volunteered for ROBOFEAST 2015 on Quad copter making conducted by IIT ROORKIE, at VITAM College from 15/09/2014 to 16/03/2014. 
Projects undertaken as a Part of Academic Curriculum: 
Mini Project :Solid Waste Management in the course of Environmental Studies 
Review: Motto of this project is to utilize the solid waste, as an alternate form of energy 
Project: Development and Fabrication of Effective and Eco-friendly Exhaust System for Kerosene as a fuel in Engineering final year. 
Review: The project was undertaken to fabricate an Exhaust System for bike to minimize pollution and noise and its harmful effects, which runs with kerosene as a fuel. 
Extra Curricular Activities: 
Held the position of class representative in school. 
Actively participated in many essay writing and elocution competitions in my college. 
Volunteered in MEGA2K12 ,VITAM college cultural and technical fest. 
Got 1st prize in mathematical talent test in my school. 
Personal Details: 
Full name: Sivvam Chaitanya Kumar 
Date of Birth: 10th june 1994 
Hobbies: 
Writing Songs 
Painting 
Strengths: 
Working in Teams 
Adaptable 
Positive attitude and self-confidence 
Family: 
Father: Prabhakara Rao(Advocate) 
Mother: Sunitha (Housewife) Address for Communication: 
DNo: 28/206/36 S.N.P Colony, Church Street, Parvathipuram-535501 
Vizianagaram. 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the information furnished above is true to the best of my beliefs and knowledge. 
Date: Place: Signature 
