Ankit Kumar Singh 91-9948550986 Hyderabad LinkedIn ankit112497@gmail.com 
Competent & result oriented with 3 years of experience in Account management & Business development. I have managed digital marketing campaigns (Google Ad Words) for international & domestics clients. Adept to work independently or managing a team. 
Career Contour 11/2016 Present Hyderabad 
Major Account Manager 
Monster India Pvt Ltd. 
Interacting with potential corporate clients to provide end to end online Recruitment Solutions in assigned region. 
Develop a database of qualified leads through referrals, telephone canvassing, cold calling on business owners, direct mail, email, and networking on SMB and Key Accounts. 
I assessed client requirements, sharing proposal & presentation with clients and customizing solutions. 
Manage complex sales situations & acquire new clients. Following complete sales cycle and ensuring payment collection. 
Sales management to drive both volume and value business. 
7/2015 10/2016 Hyderabad 
Business Development Manager Groundwala.in 
I developed a new database of 97 new accounts. 
Generated new accounts by implementing networking and effective marketing strategies. 
Contacted new and existing customers to discuss how specific products could meet their needs. 
Creates plans to close complex deals via visual, presentations & price quotes. 
Organized events as a part of marketing initiatives & brand promotions. 
Developed innovative business plans and sales strategies for vertical markets. 
5/2014 
05/2015 Hyderabad 
Account Manager 
Regalix Pvt Ltd. (Vendor- Google) 
Responsibilities were generating revenue by optimizing Google Ad words account online & offline of SMB clients. 
Analyzing landing page, keywords & ads to improve click through rate. 
Monitor and administer web analytics dashboards, reports, and key reporting tools, and point out key areas of importance in accordance client goals. 
I was acting as the key interface between the customer and all relevant divisions. 
Education 
06/2012 05/2014 Hyderabad MBA (marketing & operation) IBS (ICFAI Business School) 06/2006 04/2010 New Delhi 
Bachelor of Technology (Mechanical) Uttar Pradesh Technical University 
Skill & Competence Account Management Skills, Strong analytical skills and ability to handle complex sales situations. 
Business development Presentation and Probing skills Negotiation skills Relationship building skills Google Ad Words, SEM, PPC Social Media marketing, email marketing, Google Analytics 
Interest 
Badminton | Running | Theatre | Date of Birth 
9th July 1988 I hereby declare that all information furbish above are true to my knowledge & information provided. 
