Software Developer 
Swastika Verma +91-9838627722, +91- 9653001699 
swastiverma031@gmail.com 
Career Objective 
To seek challenging goals and to achieve excellence in the field of Information Technology with a profound spirit of commitment and dedication to contribute in the development and growth of organization, I get opportunity to serve. 
Summary 
Proficient in C, Core Java, DBMS, SQL, HTML, CSS, JavaScript, MS Access and Operating System concepts. 
A focused professional with zeal to make a winning career in Software Application 
Development and programming. 
Communication, inter-personal, analytical and problem solving skills. 
Technical Skills 
Programming Language : C, Core Java and J2SE 
Database : MySQL, MS Access 
Web Technologies : HTML, CSS, JavaScript 
Tools : 
Eclipse, Net Beans, Macromedia DreamWeaver, Photoshop 
Operating System : Windows XP/7/8, DOS MS Office : 
MS-Word, MS-Excel, MS-Outlook, PowerPoint Work Experience 
Front End Web Developer as Freelance 
June 2017 
Till date AppSolute Digitech Pvt. Ltd. 
Front End Development (HTML, CSS, JavaScript, JQuery etc.) Write web pages using a combination of markup languages, JavaScript and CSS code. 
Sales Engineer 
March 2016 May 2017 
Aplab Limited 
Sales Coordinator, Project management, project costing, looking up at supply chain, follow-up old customers for new leads, Tendering, Biding. 
Also, worked with software developer team and learned back end and front end website development of Aplab website. 
Email Support Executive 
August 2015 - February 2016 Bharat BPO Services Limited 
Worked as CCE for Paytm 
Providing effective and efficient customer service by resolving all the complaints, issues and queries of the customers. Also, worked as a supporting staff. 
Certification 
I have completed Oracle Certified Java Professional program in June 2017. 
Project 1 
Topic : 
Library Management 
Description : I developed this project in NetBeans IDE, using Java programming language as front end development and Mysql as backend language. 
Project 2 
Topic : School Website 
Description : I am developing this project in Macromedia DreamWeaver, using 
HTML, CSS and JavaScript. 
Qualification 
Professional:- 2010-2014 B.Tech in Electronics and Communication (70.3%) GBTU, Lucknow 
Academics:- 
2008-2010 Intermediate (68.2%) 
U.P. Board 2007-2008 High School (69.1%) U.P. Board 
Achievement/Participation 
Participated at state level in Uttar Pradesh Bharat scout and guide. 
Strength and Skill 
Ability to grasp new skills quickly Positive behavior towards my work Hardworking, Innovative and Leadership quality. 
Personal Details 
Date of Birth : 2nd December 1992 
Gender : Female 
Nationality : Indian Language known 
: English (Normal) & Hindi (Native) Marital Status : Unmarried Hobbies : Listening songs, reading books, solving puzzles. 
Declaration 
I, hereby declare that above written information are true to best of my knowledge. 
(Swastika Verma) 
