Rahul Bhimrao Chavhan 
Email ID: rahulchavhan1404@gmail.com 
Mobile: +91 9405310853 
Career Summary 
An innovative thinker with excellent Testing skill. 
Possesses 1+ year experience as Test Engineer at Raykor Technologies. 
Possess a proven ability to test Web Application and Word Add-In. 
Excellent in Coordinating with team. 
Work Knowledge in Manual Testing. 
Good in Automation Testing(Selenium WebDriver). 
Having good knowledge of JAVA. 
Having good Knowledge of Database(MySQL) Excellent in writing Test Cases and Test Scenarios. 
Know Basic of Git, Jira and Subversion. 
Personal Qualities. 
Compatible with Mac, Linux and Windows Operating System. 
Good in Documentation. 
Remarkable analytical, logical skill. 
Good communication skill in written and verbal both. 
Ability to give the best result in any situations. 
Finish work before the schedule time. 
Excellent Understanding skill. 
Willingness to learn new thing. 
Quick learner. 
Key Responsibilities Handled 
Preparing the plan according to the project needs. 
Implementing the suggestion in the plan. 
Analyse Customer requirement and make it clear. 
Write Test Cases and discuss with manager. 
Test the application with all perspective. 
Report issue to Developer as early as possible. 
Find out the caused of issue. 
Verify application meet the requirement. 
Achievement 
Receive many appreciation from seniors for excellent work. 
Receive appreciation for work from client. 
Employer 
Currently working with Raykor Technologies as Test Engineer since (July 2016 to Present). 
Academia 
Bachelors of Engineering from KITS Ramtek with 62.47%. 
Diploma in Software Testing. 
HSC from Maharashtra Board with 56.33%. 
SSC from Maharashtra Board with 68.92%. 
Co-curricular Best outgoing NCC Cadet from College. 
Participated in Seminars and Workshop. 
Participated in Sport Competition 
Working with NGO. 
Represent college in Carrom at State level. 
Personal Details: 
Name: Rahul Bhimrao Chavhan 
Date of Birth: 13th April 1993 
Language Known: English, Hindi, Marathi 
E-Mail ID: rahulchavhan1404@gmail.com 
Postal Address: First floor Samrudhhi Apartment, Near Sunny 
Sport Complex, Someshwarwadi, Pune- 411007 
