 Curriculum Vitae 
SANJEEV KUMAR Address: U-214, Shakarpur, Upadhyaya Block, Delhi -110092. 
Email- mipjoi@yahoo.co.in (mailto:mipjoi@yahoo.co.in), sanjeevkumar120@gmail.com Mobile Number: 9818290917 
CAREER OBJECTIVE: 
I would like to take up a challenging career in the field of systems administration and wish to work in an environment which explores current technologies and will utilize, and enhance my talent to the best of my potential 
Job responsibility: 
Extensive experience in installation, administration and networking in various environments. 
Active Directory Services; Active Directory Group Policy Objects (GPO); Group Policy Management Console (GPMC); DHCP; WINS; and DNS. 
Educational Qualification 
MCA from Manav Bharti University, (HP) 
1st Division 
Post Graduate Diploma In Computer Application From ET&T (Govt of India). 
2nd Division. 
Jetking Certified Hardware & 
Networking Professional From Delhi (R.O) 2nd Division 
Technical Skills: 
Operating System: Windows Server 2008, Windows 2008, 8.1 
Networking: Fast Ethernet, TCP/IP, Telnet, FTP, Intranet, LAN / WAN, Virtual Private Networks, Remote Computing via Telnet, PC Anyware, VNC, Windows 2008 Remote Desktop & Remote Administrator. 
Proxy Server Installation and Configuration. 
Installation of Norton Antivirus, Mcafee, Hardware Drivers & Service Packs, updates etc. 
Install HP Printer and Scanners. 
Designation: Data Analyst cum IT Officer (on contract basis) 
Nature of work : Trouble shooting of hardware and networking related problems in office time to time. Maintained technical knowledge in networking area; operating system (Server and PC). LAN Administration: added users; printers; removed users; controlling access right list. Network infrastructure configuration, support and management including availability, connectivity, performance, security and protection Troubleshoot network issues and ensure rapid resolution Work closely with members of the applications and systems teams Provide support to the IT service desk and desktop support teamsIn Addition Downloading & compiling of 35 States/UTs disease outbreaks data & preparation of graphs & maps & Report based thereon on weekly basis including updation of database in SQL. Time to time provision of disease outbreaks information for Parliament questions & cabinet note. Preparation of information on disease outbreak in power point for presentation. 
Provide all kind of technical support for video conferencing for weekly Seminar. 
Organization 
Name : 
National Centre for Disease Control (Under Ministry of Health Services) Govt. of India, Delhi-54 
Duration : Salary : October, 2008 to till now Rs. 26,000/- PM 
Previous Work Experience: Designation : Asst. Network Engineer 
Nature of work : Network Engineer and Data Entry Operator 
Organization Name : Indian Institute of Technology, Hira colony, Sikandrabad, Bulandshahar (UP) 
Duration : 
May 2003 to May 2007 Designation : Executive 
Nature of work : Regression software Testing : In a group of 20 software testing executives reporting to team leader, who was further reporting to Project Manager. 
Client name : 
Hewlett Packard (USA based company) 
Project done : CPE - 6 and CPE- 7 
Organization Name : NIIT SmartServe. Ltd, Udyog Vihar, Gurgaon (Haryana) 
Duration : June 2007 to November 2007 
PERSONAL 
PROFILE: Fathers Name 
VIRENDRA KUMAR SUNIL 
Date of Birth 13-04-1980 
Gender Male 
Marital Status Unmarried 
Nationality 
Indian 
Languages Known Hindi, English 
Declaration and Signature : 
I declare that information given above is accurate and true to the best of my knowledge. 
Date: Place: 
Delhi 
(SANJEEV KUMAR) 
