 RAJNISH KUMAR SRIVASTAVA 
Senior Corporate Legal Professional 
E-mail: rajnishkosho@yahoo.co.in ; rajnishkosho@gmail.com 
Address: 128 - A, Lalbagh, Loni, Ghaziabad - 201102 (U P) Mobile Nos. : + 91 - 9811678934 and + 91 9718717877. 
In quest of challenging Managerial assignments for providing expertise gained in the domains of Legal Operations, Regulatory Affairs, Statutory Compliances, Advisory, Contract Review & Litigations (PAN India), looking forward to gain a long term association where I am to explore the field s expertise to defend the organizational client/s by developing, implementing and managing a strategic plan for the provision of legal services in accordance with and in support of business objectives; budgeting for, selecting and managing outside counsel; managing existing in-house lawyers; creating staff development plans in conjunction with HR etc. 
Location Preference: Anywhere. 
COMPETENCY MATRIX 
Legal Operations Contracts Management 
Civil & Corporate Laws 
Legal Research 
Commercial Proposals 
Deal Structuring 
Legal Consulting Legal Affairs & Court Craft Litigation Strategy 
Transactional Legal Work 
Proof of Concept Agreements 
Risk Assessment & Obligations Regulatory Affairs Core Litigation 
Risk Mitigation in Commercial 
Contracts 
HR Support 
AN OVERVIEW LL.B. with nearly 20 years of commendable success including over 10 years in Corporate Legal Operations and Contracts Management with about 9 years in Financial / Banking / Insurance sector; Comprehensive experience in finding the relevant law by conducting research in the applicable law coupled with rich experience in the laws of India; monitoring cases of Civil, Criminal, Arbitration, Consumer, Labour, Industrial matters at various levels; Resourceful with the ability to assess the legal issues and produce professional results while adhering to rigid guidelines 
Adept at drafting petitions, written statements, contracts & other legal documents as an integral part of practicing law; 
Comprehensive experience in developing procedures, service standards as well as operational legal policies involving extensive planning & implementation of effective control measures; Highly skilled in conducting legal audits of all properties for ascertaining stringent compliance with laws; Expertise in drafting, reviewing, and negotiating commercial contracts including contracts with franchisees, works contracts, outsourcing, construction contracts, etc; Effective communicator with exceptional relationship management skills; experienced in maintaining cordial business relations with legal counsels and other external agencies. 
AREAS OF EXPERTISE / COMPETENCIES: 
Profound experience in Litigation Management - Charting out appropriate legal strategies after assessment of contemplated transaction / strategic initiatives and case history. 
Excellent communication and presentation skills - Interacting with Business Heads for various business purposes including finalization of various Business Contracts / Agreements / MOUs / Notices, etc. 
Exceptional problem solving ability and analytical thinking - Providing advisory & research oriented services and furnishing legal opinions to client/s. 
Possess the vision necessary to develop and implement successful action plans - Excellent time management skills to handle time bound litigation cases proactively. 
Efficient linguistic skills with comprehension and legal writing - Drafting legal notices, suits, appeals, special leave petitions, writ petitions, written statements, applications, review, revision and their replies. 
Dealing with Civil, Consumer, Criminal, Arbitration and Labour matters at various courts. 
Worked with many reputed Lawyer to defend clients in civil, criminal, consumer, service, arbitration litigation - Argue and assist seniors in the court room at the time of arguments. 
Contd . (2) EMPLOYMENT DETAILS: 
March 2017 till Now: Amulya Sanchay Producer Company Limited, Lucknow (UP) as Head Advisor Legal. 
Amulya Sanchay Producer Company Limited is a Lucknow (UP) based Producer Company having business in financial services and agriculture etc. 
Key Result Areas Accountable for all types of cases filed against / by the Company in different courts, fora and tribunals etc across the country including High Courts and Supreme Court of India. 
October 2015 till February 2017: Samruddha Jeevan Multi State Multi Purpose Cooperative Society Limited, NOIDA as Senior Consultant Legal. 
Samruddha Jeevan Multi State Multi Purpose Cooperative Society Limited is a Pune (Maharastra) based 
Multi- State Society having business in financial services, animal husbandry, agriculture, news channel etc. 
Key Result Areas Accountable for defending: 
o Various cases filed against the society and by the society in different courts, fora and tribunals etc across the North India including High Courts and Supreme Court of India. 
o Civil and Criminal litigation against Chairperson, Managing Director across North India. 
Involved in drafting applications, petitions, writ, rejoinder, suits, replications, FIR, legal notices etc. 
Looking after the drafting & vetting of various agreements such as lease agreement and service agreements from various department such as Production, Distribution, Circulation, Security, Time Office, Dispatch, E.D.P, Store & Purchase, Sales & Marketing and HR Department etc. 
Suggesting: o HR on policy, administrative and labour issues. 
o Sales & Marketing department regarding Standard Operating Procedures (SOPs) & other issues. 
Creating legal notices to recover market outstanding from the employees who left the company and lodging 
FIR against them; preparing other ancillary agreements/contracts/MoU as per company s requirement. 
Significant Accomplishments Pivotal in initiating, finding misappropriation of fund of the company and filing FIR against such employees. 
Provided pragmatic advice on regulatory matters, mitigating risk in the growth of the organization. 
Took initiatives towards Corporate Governance and ensured that the company is compliant. 
Represented the company and secured a favourable verdict from the court particularly in Civil, Consumer 
Cases, Labors matters and Criminal matters. 
May 2015 - September 2015: Sethi Buildwell Private Limited, Ghaziabad as Senior Consultant - Legal 
Sethi Buildwell Private Limited is a Ghaziabad (U.P.) based Construction and Real Estate Company having presence in Delhi / NCR and has accomplished various Residential and Commercial projects. 
Key Result Areas 
Involved in vetting & drafting petitions, suits, review, revision, appeal, Writ, SLP, written statement, rejoinder, counter affidavit in civil, criminal, arbitrations, consumers, recoveries law, misc. applications & complaints, legal notice, affidavit and various agreements, EDP & deeds etc. 
Actively worked in due diligence, title search, vetting, project report etc. 
Carried out research & case study on several matters like Civil, Recoveries Matter, Consumer cases, Arbitration, Criminal, Insurance, Banking, Stamp Duty and Negotiable Instrument Act etc. 
Appearing in different District Courts of Delhi / NCR including High Court, Delhi in Criminal and Civil matters. 
November 2006 - April 2015: Sahara India Pariwar, Lucknow & Noida as Consultant - Legal (holding performance based internal shadow cadre from Senior Executive, Assistant Manager to Deputy Manager) 
Sahara India Pariwar is a Lucknow (U.P.) based brand flagship for group of companies having footprints in financial services - Para-banking / NBFC / Insurance / Mutual Fund, housing, entertainment, mass communication - Print & Electronic media, Aviation, Consumer Products & Hospitality industry etc. 
Key Result Areas Appeared before various District, Courts, High Court and Supreme Court, National Consumer Disputes 
Redressal Commission (NCDRC), Debt Recovery Tribunal (DRT) Industrial Tribunal and Labour Court etc. 
Contd . (3) Involved in drafting Petitions, Suits, Review, Revision, Appeal, Writ, SLP, Written Statement, Rejoinder, Counter Affidavit in Civil, Criminal, Arbitrations, Consumers, Recoveries Law, Misc. Applications & Complaints (civil & criminal) , Legal Notice, Affidavit and various Agreements & Deed. 
Monitoring and review of all cases pending before High Court, Consumer Courts, Labour Court of various zones of India with the assistance of Zonal Counsels/ External Lawyers. 
Agreements, Power of Attorney, Authority Letter, Legal opinion in matters pertaining to Arbitration, Civil, Consumer, Criminal disputes, employer-employee dispute etc. 
Co-coordinating with Corporate HR of the organization with regard to Legal HR matter right from appointment, confirmation, promotion, suspension, explanation, serving of charge sheet, domestic enquiry, dismissal, manpower structuring and conducting internship for student pursuing LL.B. 
Made case briefing to senior advocates on Civil, Criminal, Labour and Arbitration matters and conducted research in Case Law in various civil & criminal proceedings. 
Significant Accomplishments Steered efforts in introducing the legal tracker system which gives all kind of status of all agreements and other documents etc. 
Gained experience of criminal cases, dealt with SHO of various police stations. 
Pivotal in initiating, finding misappropriation of fund of the company and filing FIR against such employees. 
Represented the company and secured a favorable verdict from the court particularly in Civil, Consumer 
Cases, Labors matters and Criminal matters. 
Actively involved in proceeding, pleadings and settlement of the highly prestigious Arbitration Dispute between Air Sahara with Jet Airways during 2006 - 2007. 
Took initiatives towards Corporate Governance and ensured that the company is compliant. 
May 2006 - October 2006: Jaiprakash Enterprises Limited, Rewa (M.P.) & Dalla (U.P.) as Officer - Legal 
Jaiprakash Enterprises Limited is a pioneer business conglomerate in Cement, Power, Infrastructure, Education & Hospitality industry having presence across the country and holding U.P. Cement Projects at Dalla Churk & Chunar. 
Key Result Areas 
Involved in vetting & drafting petitions, suits, review, revision, appeal, Writ, SLP, written statement, rejoinder, counter affidavit in civil, criminal, arbitrations, consumers, recoveries law, misc. applications & complaints, legal notice, affidavit and various agreements, EDP & deeds etc. 
Actively worked in due diligence, title search, vetting, project report etc. 
Carried out research & case study on several matters like Civil, Recoveries Matter, Consumer cases, Arbitration, Criminal, Insurance, Banking, Stamp Duty and Negotiable Instrument Act etc. 
Responsible for appearing in different District Courts, High Court in Criminal and Civil matters. 
February 1996 April 2006: Practiced as an Independent Advocate at Lucknow Dealing with following types of matters: 
Civil Cases of varied technical nature at various District Courts and High Court. 
Criminal Cases of varied nature under different statutes. 
Labour and Industrial Disputes before Labour Court, Tribunals and High Court. 
Motor Accident Claims before Tribunals and High Court. 
Consumer Disputes at Fora, State Commissions and National Commission. 
Service Matters before Administrative Tribunals and High Court. 
Arbitration before Tribunals, District Court and High Court. 
PROFESSIONAL POSITION DURING INDEPENDENT PRACTICE: 
Ex-Counsel and Retainer, KARVY Consultants limited, 1997 and 1998. 
Executive Member, All U.P. Consumer Protection Bar Association. 
Ex-Consultant and Advocate, M/S AMCON Distributors Pvt. Ltd., Lucknow. 
Ex-Consultant and Advocate, Doon Inter College, Kalyanpur, Lucknow. 
Ex-Consultant and Advocate, Mansover Urban Co-op. Bank Ltd. Lucknow. 
Ex-Consultant and Advocate, U.P. Co-op Housing Federation, Lucknow. 
Ex-Consultant and Advocate, M/S Modi Care Limited. 
Contd . (4) ACADEMIC POSITION: 
Visiting Faculty and examiner, Business and Corporate Laws & Personnel Mgt., Master of Marketing 
Economics and Management (MMEM), Institute of Management Sciences (IMS) Lucknow University, Lucknow. 
Visiting Faculty, Business Laws, International Institute of Special Education (IISE), Kalyanpur, Lucknow. 
Visiting Faculty, Government and Business Environment, College of Management and Tourism Studies (CMTS), Gomatinagar, Lucknow. 
Visiting Faculty, Corporate, Commercial Laws & General Mgt., Electricity Training Institute (ETI), U.P. 
Power Corporation Limited (UPPCL), Lucknow. 
Visiting Faculty, Commercial Laws, Krishi Sahakari Prashikshan Sansthan, Ring Road, Indira Nagar, 
Lucknow. 
Visiting Faculty, Business laws and Communication Skill, Institute of Cost and Works Accountants of India (ICWAI), Lucknow Chapter, Lucknow. 
Visiting Faculty, Business Laws, Allahabad Bank, Staff Training College, Ring Road, Indira Nagar, 
Lucknow. 
Visiting Faculty, Business & Corporate Laws, Saroj Institute of Technology and Management (SITM), Arjunganj, Sultanpur Road, Lucknow. 
ACADEMIC DETAILS: 
M.L.P.M., Master of Labour Laws and Personnel Management (Equivalent to MBA Personnel) from Lucknow 
University in the year 2002. 
L.LB, Bachelor of Laws from Lucknow University in the year 1995 with Taxation as optional Paper. 
B.Sc., Bachelor of Science from Lucknow University in the year 1992 with Zoology, Botany and Chemistry. 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 
Father s Name : Late Jagdish Prasad Srivastava. 
Date & place of Birth : 3rd January 1970 at Lucknow. 
Permanent Mailing Address 
Local contact Address at 
Lucknow : 
: 
Jagdish Villa, Shivpuri, SITAPUR (U.P.) Pin Code: 261001, Phone: 05862-249595. 
House No. D - 277, Harihar Nagar, Indira Nagar, Lucknow 226016 (U.P.). 
Mobile No: +91 9811678934 and + 91 9718717877. 
Nationality : Indian. 
Religion : Hindu. 
Marital status: : Married. 
Wife s Name : Mrs. Sarika Srivastava. 
Language s known : Hindi & English (Read / Write / Speak) 
Driving License Number : 1580 / 1989, M/Cycle. 
12359 / 1996, M/Car. 
Bar Council Registration No. 
Date of Registration : 
: 
Registration. No. 1207 / 1996. 
15th February 1996. 
REFERENCES: 
1. Hon ble Justice (Retd.) Mukteshwar Prasad, High Court of Judicature at Allahabad, Uttar Pradesh. Ph. - 0522-2362336 (R) Lucknow. 
2. Dr. A.K. Sengupta, Director, MMEM Programme, Institute of Development Studies, Lucknow University, Lucknow. Ph. - 0522-2387694 (O). 
I hereby declare that all above information are true and correct upto my personal knowledge and belief. 
Place: Delhi. Rajnish Kumar Srivastava 
