JISHA JOSE 
Mobile No: +91 9048232475 
Email id: jishajose2010@gmail.com (mailto:rakhiparu.chandran@gmail.com) 
Objective: 
Innovative professional prepared to work in a challenging and creative environment and thus ready at any time, to effectively contribute towards the goal of the organization. At the same time, strive to enhance and broaden my skills and knowledge for my personal growth. 
Strengths: 
Positive thinking, analytical abilities, quick grasping power, versatile mentoring capability and zeal for learning new things, ability to work as a good team member as well as independently, time conscious and result oriented. 
Skills: 
. 
Customer oriented work and strong team player who is able to interact well with stakeholders and a good mentor. 
Good knowledge of Microsoft Outlook and excel Time management and team work Good communication skills. 
Quick learner, detail oriented and ability to adapt to new processes in limited time frame 
Multi tasking skills and ability to work under pressure 
Professional Experience: (3+ years) 
2adpro media solutions 
Feb 2012 to Sep 2015 Quality Analyst 
Responsibilities Includes: 
Quality check of web and print ads Find out the Average outgoing quality of ads Giving feedback to the production team regarding the quality Performance Analysis, Process Audits & Feedback 
Coordinates with team and designers in handling issues 
Monthly review with the Operations Manager and Client Operations Head. 
Reports 
Deep analysis of revisions and escalations 
Technical Skills: 
Expertise in the usage of MS office tools namely MS- Word, MS- Excel, Power Point. 
Have Expertise in using search engine tools and Internet 
Have experience and expertise in installation of various software and operating systems namely UNIX, Windows. Computer Knowledge 
Operating Systems : Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8 
Languages : C, C++, Java, HTML, XML 
Applications : Microsoft Office, Indesign, Photoshop 
Qualification: 
Qualification Name of the Institute Name of the board 
Pass out Percentage 
BE 
Computer Science Sapthgiri College of Engineering 
Anna University 2010 
73 
Diploma inComputer Science 
Womens polytechnic College, Kalamassery Technical Board Kerala 2006 
66 
12thComputer Science H.I.H.S.S Edavanakkadu Board of Higher Secondary Examinations Kerala 2003 62 
10th L.F.H.S Narakal Board of Public Examinations Kerala 2001 77 
Personal Dossier: 
Address : Thachil House, Vappalassery P.O., Angamly, Ernakulam, kerala Passport No. : J5814861 
Date of Birth : 02-03-1986 Father Name : T.G Jose 
Marital status : Married 
Nationality 
: Indian 
Languages Known : English, Malayalam, Hindi and Tamil 
I hereby declare that the details given above are true and correct to my knowledge and belief. 
Jisha Jose 
