Spurthi S #48,1st cross, Pattegarapalya, Bengaluru - 560079 
Mob: 9535031042 | E-mail: spurthi1993.ss@gmail.com 
OBJECTIVE 
To obtain a role of Test Automation Engineer in an organization that provides a challenging and rewarding career ensuring a high-level job satisfaction. Wish to achieve high career growth through a continuous learning process and prove to be an asset for my organization. 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
Experienced Automation Test Engineer with a stellar record of corporate client satisfaction. 
Proven achievement in bringing projects to completion ahead of schedule and under budget. 
Sound knowledge of quality assurance procedures and developing automation scripts for testing web based applications. 
Worked with an U.S based client in BFSI domain. 
EXPERIENCE 
Project Engineer 
Wipro, Bangalore 
Aug 2015 Present 
Developed and maintained automated test suites for web based applications using Selenium and Watir Webdriver with Behavior Driven Development (BDD) framework. 
Implemented BDD using an open source tool, Cucumber. 
Demonstrated Experience in creating Automation scripts using Ruby and Java. 
Well versed with handling elements using PageObject concept by use of specific gems. 
Expertise in Test planning and understanding the Test requirements, achieved maximum application coverage with efficient test case designing. 
Ensured there are no defect slippages from the tests executed to the production. 
Good Experience in application lifecycle management tool s such as HP QC. 
Good Experience in logging and tracking bugs using Microsoft TFS and Atlassian JIRA. 
Delivered DSR s, WSR s, MSR s, Test execution report and relevant dashboard updates in Test management repository. 
Experience of having worked in an Agile Environment. 
Experience of developing scripts in TestNG framework. 
Excellent communication, written, interpersonal skills, proven team player with an analytical mind bent to problem solving and delivering solutions. EDUCATION 
Bachelor of Engineering (B.E) 
JSS Academy of Technical Education, Bengaluru 2011 2015 Pursued B.E in Computer Science with an Aggregate of 72.39% SKILLS 
Programming Languages: C, Java and Ruby. 
Database: MYSQL. 
Automated Testing Tools: Selenium, Watir and Cucumber. 
Automation Framework: BDD and TestNG. 
Operating System: Windows 8.1, Windows 7, Ubuntu. 
Software: RubyMine, Eclipse IDE, MS Word, MS Excel, MS PowerPoint. 
Web Technologies: HTML, CSS and JavaScript. 
DECLARATION 
I hereby certify that above mentioned particulars are correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Date: 
Place: Bengaluru [SPURTHI S] 
