AVINASH SHARMA 
Contact: +91-9509780329 
E-Mail: Avinash.Sharma.cet@gmail.com 
LinkedIn: https://in.linkedin.com/in/avinashsharma3 
OBJECTIVE 
Scaling new heights of success and leaving a mark of excellence in assignments which involve analytical capabilities, professional growth. This will surely endeavor my strengths with which I can constantly learn and improve my technical abilities. 
ACADEMIC DETAILS BCA, 2013 College of Engineering and Technology, Bikaner, Raj 
Graduated from Maharaja Ganga Singh University, Bikaner (Raj.) 
Aggregate 70.07%. 
Senior School, 2010 Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education 
Obtained 56.46% Secondary School, 2008 Rajasthan Board of Secondary Education 
Obtained 51.50% WORK 
EXPERIENCE 
Currently working at Chimera Technologies as Software Engineer 
Feb 2017 to Present (0 year(s) - 6 month(s)) Working with online team, working on core product, working on ReST API in Laravel 
PHP framework, working on agile methodology, Code review and analysis, sprint planning meeting, sprint grooming meeting. 
Previously worked with CoreTechies as Team Leader 
Apr 2016 to Jan 2017 (0 year(s) - 9 month(s)) Manage team, Manage Projects, Project Analysis, Create Technical Analysis report, Daily and Weekly tasks allocations to team, Client communication, Module confirmation with client or take feedback on per module from client. Manage task status of every team members on daily and weekly basis. Create ReST API and Web Development. 
Previous Employment(s)/Designation(s) CoreTechies as Senior Software Developer Dec 2015 to Mar 2016 (0 year(s) - 3 month(s)) CoreTechies as Project Engineer 
Jan 2014 to Nov 2015 (1 year(s) - 10 month(s)) SUMMARY: 
Around 3 and half years of IT experience in multi-tiered architecture based enterprise application Development. 
Proficient working experience in, CI code igniter, Laravel, PHP 5.5.9 and Apache/Nginx | 
cURL 7.35.0 
Strong exposure on complex SQLs for complex scenarios using joins, case statements /functions and experience of Relational Database systems (Oracle, MySQL). 
UI Development experience with HTML, JAVASCRIPT, CSS, JQUERY Experience on jdk 1.7 and below versions. 
Experience on Application server like Apache, Nginx, Wamp ,Xampp 
Work Experience on HTML5 & CSS3 for web Development. 
Experience of responsive work with Bootstrap.js Working experience with Chart JS like : Jqplot.js, HighChart.js IT SKILLS 
In the time span around 3 and half years of work experience I am familiar with the technologies: 
Database : SQL SERVER 2000 / 2005, MYSQL, ORACLE 
Language : PHP(CodeIgniter, Laravel, Phalcon - MVC Frameworks), Core Java 
CMS : 
Wordpress, Magento (Scholar) 
Web Technology : HTML, CSS, 
JavaScript(JQuery, AngularJS, Bootstrap) 
Platform : Android, Linux(Ubuntu), Windows XP, Windows 7, Window 8 IDE : PhpStorm, NetBeans, Android Studio 
Tools : Android SDK Platform Tools, Adobe Illustrator, Gantt Chart, StarUML, Bitrix24, Wunderlist, Trello 
Others : JSON, XML, ReST PROJECTS 
Project Title: Roll.On.Road | ROR Client: Sourabh Agarwal 
Employment Type: Full-Time Duration: Jan 2015 - May 2016 
Project Location: Bikaner Site: Off Site 
Role: Project Leader Team Size: 6 
Skill Used: Team Leading, Team Handling, Team Management, Web Development, Cloud 
Computing, Gps Tracking, MIS, Google App Engine, Google Maps, Google Api, Database, Query 
Optimization, Indexing, Views, Server Administration, Configuration, Application Deployment, Data Migration, SQL Development, Ubuntu Linux, SMS APIs 
Role Description: Manage Project, Daily and Weekly tasks allocations, Client communication, module confirmation with client, take feedback per module from client and discuss with team and allocate new time line sheet to team and client, Server hosting, manage team 
Project Details: A Vehicle Tracking system. 
Project Title: Buxaah 
Client: kiran Nagare 
Employment Type: Full-Time Duration: Oct 2015 - Mar 2016 
Project Location: Mumbai Site: Off Site 
Role: Sr. Programmer Team Size: 6 
Skill Used: Team Leading, Team Handling, Team Management, Web Development,PHP, CodeIgniter,MIS, Database, Indexing, Views, Server Administration, Configuration, Application 
Deployment,SQL Development, EBS Payment Gateway, API for Mobile Application, SMS APIs, Javascript, JQuery, JSON, XML, Facebook API, Google Api 
Role Description: Manage Project, Daily and Weekly tasks allocations, Client communication, module confirmation with client, take feedback per module from client and discuss with team, Server Configuration, Application Deployment, manage team,Code 
Project Details: A online system for Secure Self Storage Solutions for Home & Office Further Projects PeaceChocs 
It is an Ecommerce Portal which consist of features primely product management, transaction and payment management along with inventory management. A unique feature of Image customization was also developed under this. 
This project developed in CodeIgniter and Mysql. 
https://www.peacechocs.com MyBodhitree 
It is a website developed for aspirants to book time slots of experienced faculty for the need of consultance. It involves primely session and booking management. 
This project developed in CodeIgniter and Mysql. 
https://www.mybodhitree.com/ 
Expense Manager 
It is a software handling the management of expenses as the name defines. Totally based on calculations and record of transactions done. 
This project developed in CodeIgniter and Mysql. 
http://ctworkplace.in/expense_manager/home BullnBar 
It is again a booking management but in different context of table booking at bar which has a feature of SNS that is inviting a friend to join. 
This project developed in PHP and Mysql. 
http://bullnbar.com/ Coretechies Website 
The Company s official website was developed 
Its in PHP and Mysql embedded Wordpress CMS 
I used many optimization plugins and learnt use of plugins http://coretechies.com/ 
MISA 
It is a Property search application used for client and dealer 
A real estate website showing listings over map based totally on user search.. 
This project is developed in PHP and Mysql embedded Wordpress CMS http://misaltd.com/ Forex economic calendar widget for website 
It is a wordpress widget used for forex economic calendar and This project developed in PHP and Mysql embedded wordpress and Jquery 
Work on benzinga API and forex transaction Jqplot.js Chart plotting , http://www.forexunit.com/forex-eco-calender/ Forex App for facebook 
Its a facebook Game application used for forex Game purpose. 
This project is developed in PHP and Mysql embedded JAVA technology Work on quickFix API and forex transaction Jqplot.js 
Chart & Highchart.js SimpleTrade ,FXCM,Spotex API http://apps.facebook.com/fx-club/check_app.php Banking Project 
In this project i work on report module using PHP for pdf generation and generate client side reports various aspects Use of fpdf for pdf report generation http://kabureau.fundnfinance.com/NEW_KABUREAU_SYSTEM/index.php 
ClientConnect 
It is a Client management project for user hierarchy and admin purpose 
This project developed in PHP and Mysql. 
http://clientconnectbds.com/test1/finance/ Trapnation 
It is a Radio streaming website developed in Wordpress 
In this project I used REST webservice for getting database information . 
http://trapnation.demskigroup.com/ Farm Tree Tool 
It is a farming tool project built in CodeIgniter 
This project is developed in PHP Framework (CI) and Mysql http://ftt.fundnfinance.com/FTT_v2/ CT team management project (CRM) Php And Mysql Project 
Small Projects : 
Vitrina22 Shoping cart (magento) http://deliverytat.com/vitrina22/index.php/ 
FB integration (Login using facebook ) http://gustavoadolfomonroy.com/ 
For more project detail, would request you to go through the LinkedIn profile. 
ASSETS 
Self-confident. 
Easily adaptive to new environment. 
Time management. 
Optimistic. 
Quick learner, Proactive 
Candid 
PERSONAL 
DETAILS 
Father's Name: 
PRABHU DAYAL SHARMA Gender: 
Male 
Date of Birth: 10th March 1993 
Nationality: Indian 
Languages: 
Hindi, English 
DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that information given by me is true to the best of my knowledge. 
(Avinash Sharma) 
