Kishore Bala Bommala 
Associated Head - Institutional & Government of A.P.& T.S. Business. 
Hyderabad, Telangana kishoreraj189@gmail.com - +91-9989002555 Having 27 years of Experience in Automobile Dealership of Cars & Commercial vehicles, and around 8 years Experience in FMCG Distribution and C & A. Business. Looking for Top Level / Sr. Level Management Position in Well reputed companies/ Business House Preferably in Hyderabad or VISHAKAPATNAM. 
Willing to relocate to: Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh - Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Associated Head, Institutional, Government Business of A.P. & T.S. 
Automotive Manufacturers Pvt. Ltd.( PPS Business Solutions Pvt Ltd.,) - Secunderabad, Telangana - May 2016 to Present 
Presently Placed at Secunderabad H.O. as ASSOCIATED HEAD - Institutional & Government of A.P. & T.S. 
Business. 
Leading a Team consisting Managers and Sr .Executives. Meeting Higher officials Like District Collectors, Managing Directors and the Commissioners of the Corporations. participation in the e-procurement Tender 
Bids etc. 
Sales & Marketing Strategy Business Development 
Automotive Manufacturers Pvt Ltd - Secunderabad, Telangana - November 2009 to Present 
Strategy, Execution and Leadership Revenue Growth and Profitability Sales & Marketing Strategy Business Development 
Relationship Management Channel Management Opportunity Identification Market Penetration Market Research and Analysis Risk Mitigation Resource Optimization Inventory 
Management Stock Management Sales & Business Management 
Launching New Cars and Commercial 
Vehicles Team Motivation 
CAREER CONTOUR 
Since Nov '09 with Automotive Manufacturers Pvt Ltd., Andhra Pradesh 
Growth Path: 
Associated Business Head / Branch Head. 
Automotie Manfacturers Pvt Ltd. - Nizamabad, Telangana - January 2015 to April 2016 During the period we have started Sales & Service Out Lets at Kamareddy, Nirmal and Mancherial ( Adilabad Dist ). 
Man power development, service quality, spares availability, customer satisfaction, Launching New Vehicles ( Models ) Events and customer Meets etc. 
Associated Business Head 
Auomotive Manufacturers Pvt Ltd - Vishkapatnam. .A.P. - May 2014 to January 2015 2016 .. 
KEY RESULT AREAS 
Strategy, Vision and Mission Planning: Conceptualizing, implementing and monitoring of winning business strategies to drive growth in business volumes. Conducting business planning & analysis to assess revenue potential in business opportunities. Identifying and finalizing industry peers based on parameters like revenue, market capitalization, business line, nature of markets served. Strive to put across brand message by planning & implementing right brand communiqu . 
Sales & Marketing: Handling the marketing and sales operations for achieving increased growth & profitability. 
Utilizing the public information and personal network to develop marketing intelligence for generating leads. 
Exploring business opportunities across different segments and generate needed sales thrust to capitalize on the available potential. 
Business Development: Identifying prospective clients, generating business from new accounts & developing them to achieve consistent profitability. Planning and executing strategies & promotional campaigns for sales initiatives for brand leveraging and to increase market penetration. Building and maintaining healthy business relations with major clientele, ensuring maximum customer satisfaction by achieving performance parameters delivery & quality norms. 
Sales Promotion: Building brand focus in conjunction with operational requirements. Ensuring maximum brand visibility and capture optimum market shares. Managing brand image building and awareness campaigns. 
Customer Relationship Management: Maintaining cordial relations with customers to sustain the profitability of the business. Maximizing customer satisfaction level by on time delivery, monitoring customer complaints, providing efficient services. Handling customer grievances and resolving issues. Excellent client relationship management, time & resource management. 
Team Management: Leading, nurturing & monitoring the performance of the team to ensure efficiency in process operations & meeting of individual & group targets. Imparting / organization training program for new recruits, while ensuring their career development and positive contribution to the company. 
Head - Sales & Marketing, Commercial vehicles 
Automotive Manufacturers Pvt. Ltd - Secunderabad, Telangana - June 2013 to April 2014 Branch Manager / Associated Business Head 
Automotive Manufacturers Pvt. Ltd - Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh - November 2009 to June 2013 
As a Profit Center Head ( SBU HEAD ) was looking after The over all In charge of the Branch of Vishakapatnam, Vizianagaram and Srikakulam Dist's. As Dealers for Mahindra Cars & Commercial vehicles SSS. I was Responsible for Sales, Spares, Service, Customer Satisfaction, Monitoring 
Accounts, Hospitality . The total Employees and workers together 400. Including 14 HOD's. Events organizing, 
H.R. Retention of Man Power, employees Engagement etc. 
Branch Manager 
Automotive Manufacturers Pvt. Ltd - Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh - November 2009 to June 2013 
During the period, As an Authorized Dealers of Mahindra Cars & Commercial Vehicles SSS. Sales, Service and Spares. Overall responsibility of the Profit Center Head. The Territory is Vizag Dist, Vizianagaram Dist and Srikakulam Dist. Team Management, Target Setting for sales, Service and Spares. Employees Retention/ 
Engagement. Monitoring Accounts and Hospitality. Customer satisfaction. Events Management. EDUCATION 
PG Dip in Entrepreneurship and Small Business management College of Business Management, Osmania University - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh 1993 PG Diploma in Marketing & Sales Management 
Bhavans College of Communication 1986 M.A. 
Osmainia University Hyderabad - 
Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh 1985 B.A. 
Osmainia University Hyderabad - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh 1982 
B.A. in Geography and Sociology 
Arts & Science College - Secunderabad, Andhra Pradesh 1982 
TELANGANA STATE - Hyderabad, Andhra Pradesh 
SKILLS 
Sales Management, Team Management,Customer Satisfaction, Profit Center Head. HR Retention and Employees Engagement etc., (10+ years), Sales, Business Deveopment,Team anagement, Monring Service and Spares, Accounts, Hospitality, Customer Satisfaction etc., (10+ years) 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Having adequate knowledge in A.P.,Telangana State and Rayalaseema Geographical, Local Language 
Fluency, yielded Best Results by me as far as Business and Good will with the Esteemed Customers. 
I am interested in Interaction with the people, Maintaining Man Power Retention, Team Motivation, Customer 
Relations, Co- Ordination with the Principals and with the Top Management. Seeking Time to time Advices from the Top Management and Up dating MIS. As SBU HEAD over all in - Charge of Profit center Head. 
Responsible for Service ( Work Shop ) Spare Parts Business. Proper guidance to Vertical Heads, in order to achieve the Set Targets. Conducting 
Events and Demo's as per the Business Plan. Planning good Incentives to the Front Line & Back Office Employees. Can Handle any Challenging Tasks, with the proper guidance of the Management. 
