 Sreejith S Babu +91-9747590881 
sreejithsbabu604@gmail.com 
Mankathra House 
Niranam North P O 
Thiruvalla 
Pathanamthitta 
Kerala-689621 
OBJECTIVE 
I am ambitious to explore my sincere services in corporate environment and enhance my skills, knowledge and contribute in the growth of the organisation 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS TECHNICAL SKILLS 
C, C++ 
Java 
HTML5,CSS,SQL MS Office Applications (MS PowerPoint, MS Word, MS Excel),Photoshop,OpenGL B-Tech (Computer Science and Engineering) Institute St. Thomas College of Engineering and Technology, Chengannoor. 
University University of Kerala 
Pass out Year - 2017 
CGPA of marks 6.93(up to 7th semester) 
Class XII 
School St. Aloysius Higher Secondary School, Edathua 
Board Kerala State Board 
Pass out Year - 2013 % of marks 77.66 Class X 
School 
St. Mary s High School, Niranam 
Board Kerala State Board 
Pass out Year - 2011 % of marks 80 
ACADEMIC PROJECTS 
Done a mini-project on Library Management System using java as Front End tool and SQL Server as Back End tool. The project named "Library Management System", a library information system is a window based application created in java as front end tool and SQL Server as back end tool. The project has been developed on the basis of "Library" being presently used in the college for storing and retrieving the information of books and students who are accessing it. 
Done a main-project on 
Data hiding in videos and images using html as Front End tool and jsp and SQL 
Server as Back End tool. The project named " Data hiding in videos and images ", a secure way of transmitting secret messages using a video clip as the carrier. First the video is converted into frames and then the secret message is encrypted using AES algorithm and it is embedded into the frames selected randomly. The reverse process of this is done for the decryption. 
Done a mini-project for other college students on Placement and Training Cell using html as Front End tool and PHP and SQL as Back End tool. 
Done a android app for the college fest along with friends (playstore/yvidh) 
Done a webpage for college fest using HTML,CSS,JS(www.yvidh.com). 
ACADEMIC SEMINAR 
Taken a seminar on the topic 
Real time human pose recognition using leap motion sensor .Leap Motion 
Sensor is a is an innovative,3D motion capturing device designed especially for hands and fingers tracking with precision up to 0.01mm. 
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
Participated in the activities of Placement. 
Served as Leader and class representative in school, College level. 
Coordinated the placement activities. 
Active participation in various cultural, literacy, technical and sports events. 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Name : 
Sreejith S Babu 
Father s Name : 
Mr. Suresh Babu. P 
Mother s Name : 
Mrs. Geetha Suresh 
Permanent Address : 
Mankathra House 
Niranan North 
P O 
Thiruvalla 
Pathanamthitta Dist-689621 
Date of Birth : 
31st December 1995 
Sex : Male Marital Status : 
Single 
Languages known : English, Malayalam, Tamil,Hindi 
Nationality : 
Indian 
Hobbies : 
Playing Cricket. 
