 CURRICULUM VITAE RAKESH MATHUR 
MOB.7218353784 
E-mail-rakeshmathur07@gmail.com red_jod@yahoo.com 
Professional Objective:- 
An IT business professional with over 11 years of experience in business analysis, system design, technology project management and data analytics. Significant experience of delivering quality consulting services in Network Security domain. 
Job Skills:- 1 Configuring site to site tunnel in Cisco PIX and ASA Firewall. 
2 Configuring Remote Access VPN on Cisco PIX and ASA Firewall. 
3 Configuring IPS to check the packets which are coming to our network. 
4 Configure Remote Access VPN on server side and Cisco VPN Client on client side. 
5 Configure Cisco ACS Server for Authentication of User, Authorization of Users and Accounting of User. 
6 Configuring of TACACS+ server using Cisco Secure to provide authentication for users accessing various on-line devices. 
7 Configure Failover between Cisco PIX and ASA Firewalls. 8 Managing device and finding the loopholes of the security threats via doing periodic health check. 
9 Doing periodic recertification for devices to ensure security complaint as per the Company Policy. 
10 Configuring WebVpn tunnel in Cisco PIX and ASA Firewall 
11 Working with CA server using ASA and Router 12 Configuring GETVPN with ASA and Router 
13 Working with Fort iGATE, Checkpoint and Palo Alto Firewall 
14 Configuring RSA Envision and RSA Secure I.D 
15 SSL VPN configure on F5 BIG-IP APM 
16 Working with Radware link proof and IPS 
17.Porxy Authentication through Blue Coat and ISA 
18. Imperva WAF X2510 
19 Symantec AV and HIPS 
Professional Qualification:- 
Completed CCNA(CSCO11467241) 
Completed CCIE Written (CSCO11467241) Completed CCNP (Routing & Switching) 
Completed CCSP CCIE Lab (Security) attempt given Completed RHCE (804007100925743) Work Experience:- (1) TECH MAHINDRA LTD: 17TH April-2015 TO Till Now. 
Working as Associate Security architect Project: - Vodafone India Limited 
Performed security design architecture activities i,e HLD and LLD. 
Designed firewall zoning with WAF developed and Capacity Planning and analyze project allocation amongst all portfolios. 
Developed business requirements documents functional templates, and defect tracker for Risk Services projects. 
Designed and developed project charter for upcoming projects within Consulting 
Practices 
Led the planning, design and execution of developing new team site for global Enterprise Risk Services. 
Responsible for implementing program management strategies for technology services Functioned as SME for developing the Data center. 
Maintained technology standards & compliance reports and dashboard leveraging Symantec Datacenter and endpoint solution. 
Managing SSL VPN and SSL offloading through Web access Firewall (Imperva 
X2510) Monitoring and analysis the inbound and outbound threats through Web access Firewall (Imperva X2510), Symantec Data center security (6.5) and Symantec End- point security (12.5). 
Managed Fortigate Firewall (1500 D and 800C) and leading the team for 8 Members. . 
(2) HCL Technology LTD: 1ST Nov. 2010 to 10THApril 2015 
Working as Associate Consultant-L3 Project: Johnson & Johnson and Indian Oil LTD. 
Functioned as team leader for developing the Data center for Indian oil Corporation Ltd. 
Designed Firewall, IPS, SIEM, RSA token, SSL VPN and Websense Security devices for Data center. 
Involved in end-to-end project management and delivery translating business needs into technical specifications 
Delivered business artifacts such as Business Requirements Document, Use-Cases and System Requirements Specifications. 
Generated SIEM dashboard and varied executive reports for the client as well as internal management. 
Implemented high volume data processing and analytical capabilities into the IT system. 
Responsible for conducting the Daily Service Review Call acting as an interface between the Vendor and the Product Line Leads. 
Review Incidents, Problems and ensure that Root Cause Analysis has been performed across the incident records for all priority levels. 
Facilitate meetings, problem reviews, conference bridges, and online meetings to disseminate and drive problem closure. 
Interaction with top management and functional heads regularly. 
Closure of Major Incidents within the SLA, follow ups with the appropriate technical teams. 
Sending detailed notification/update to the stakeholders and business leaders at regular intervals on the progress of the activity. 
Handling Managed services (Problem Management, Chain management, Incident Management). 
Demonstrated high success rate in providing appropriate solutions/ answers to the customers queries and grievances across the globe. 
Responding to all Major input regarding unplanned service interruptions from customers and internal Team. 
Assessing all business proposals for Compliance and Operational Risk in a timely fashion. 
Handling & supporting Projects from Design and implementation based on requirement from project team. 
Managing Cisco ASA (5550) Fortigate (800C) & Palo Alto (3020) Firewall and leading the team for 8 Members. 
Managing Internet link through Radware L.B (202). 
Managing internet connectivity through Proxy (Microsoft ISA PROXY), Websense 
Web Security (7.5) and gate-way security IWSVA (TREND MICRO 5.6) 
Monitor and Analyses the Alert through SIEM tool (RSA Envision-ES5060) Coordinated with the business to design the Data-Center. 
Review Incidents, Problems and ensure that Root Cause Analysis has been performed across the incident records for all priority levels. 
Managing SSL VPN through F5-APM (3600), RSA Secure ID(7.2). 
Monitoring and analysis the inbound and outbound threats through CISCO (4260) , IBM Proventia (GX 5108) IPS and CISCO ISE (3315). 
(3) HP India Sales Pvt. Ltd. Gurgaon( Dec 16th 2009 to Oct 31st 2010) 
Working as Network Security Administrator 
Project: ADECCO. 
Demonstrated high success rate in providing appropriate solutions/ answers to the customers queries and grievances across the globe. 
Proactively involved in Customer Meetings & Training Sessions. 
Responsible for providing technical training on various products to the identified team members across geographies. 
Support, Implementation, Ongoing Management and Troubleshooting of Cisco ASA 5520, including ACS (4.2) and RSA Secure ID (7.1) 
Working on NIPS (Radware IPS 1016),Proxy (Microsoft ISA PROXY), VA Scanning (NESSUS),Antivirus (SOPAS) and IWSVA(TREND MICRO 5.1) 
Member of Incident/Problem & Change team. 
Reviewing Changes on IPT/IPCC environment before going to change management board for final approval. 
Handling team of Onsite contractual engineers. 
Working in Manage Operations team, need to do administration tasks whenever required and maintaining the SLAs. 
Managing Port scanning through Nessus tool (5) 
Worked on CISCO switch (3600) and Router (7200) 
(4) Working with Networkers Home from 1st Sep. 2007 to 30th Nov.2009, Bangalore Email: info@networkershome.com (mailto:info@networkershome.com) as the Network Security Engineer Installing, Configuring and Troubleshooting of ASA-5510, Routers-7200, 3600, 2600, 2500 Switches-3550, 3560, 2950,2600 
Project Accomplished: 
1 Responsible for migration of Frame Relay customers to VPN using VPN concentrator & ASA device at client sites. 
2 Configured, and Implemented ASA Firewall. Configured ASA for failover Using multiple context. 
3 Implemented a Cisco Security Solution for using Cisco ASA Firewall 5510, 5520 with Fail over, Cisco IDS 4230/4210. 
4 Implemented Dot1x Authentication for LAN using Radius and ACS server and other Projects with various companies. 
5. OSWAL data processer (aug 2006-aug 2007) Working as an service engineer and Network engineer 
Client: Jodhpur municipal corporation (Jodhpur) 
Environment: H/w: Intel Pentium4, switches, Motorola canopy, Cisco router, STP, and UTP cable O/s: windows xp and Linux S/w: DNS, SAMBA, NIS 
ROLE: Computer hardware and networking engineer: 
Built networking connection on server client method Repair the system and trouble shooting on windows ,and Linux 
Responsible for wireless networking 
Responsible for Integration testing. 
Testing and matinees Motorola canopy and other hardware 
Looking all zone connectivity 6. G.T Computer hardware and networking college (Mar 2005-april 2006) (jaipur) Working as computer hardware ware and networking faculty Environment: H/w: Intel Pentium O/s: Win98, xp, 2000&Linux S/w: DNS, Printclient.squid Web server: apache 
ROLE: Computer hardware and networking faculty 
Responsible for developing and testing of Server and other hardware equipment 
Responsible for system as well as acceptance testing. 
Teaching work and repairing work Educational Qualification:- 10th Passed from RAJASTHAN Board. 
12th Passed from RAJASTHAN Board. 
B.A from Jodhpur University 
Personal Details:- 
Fathers Name:- Sh. Hari Prakash Mathur 
Date of Birth: - 13th Jan 1981 
Address: - 18/271 C.H.B Jodhpur 
Gender: - Male 
Marital Status: - Married 
Passport no. H8096434 
Languages Known: - Hindi & English. 
It would be my conscious endeavor to constantly strive to hone as well as acquire skills and respect the practices and traditions of the organization to the best of my ability. 
I affirm that the information in this document is accurate and true to the best of my knowledge. 
Date:- 
Place:- 
(Rakesh Mathur) 
