 BONTUYAN, MELODY MAY C. 
Kingdom of Bahrain 
Cell Phone No: 371-22636 
Email address: melody.bontuyan@gmail.com 
OBJECTIVE: 
To handle a challenging yet fulfilling job that will develop my skills and proficiencies in various works and to effectively apply this to the industry I'm working with as well as for my career enhancement and development. Would also gladly take the challenge of a career change and learn different skills by taking different job roles/ positions. 
EXPERIENCES: 
AL HAMAD CONSTRUCTION AND DEVELOPMENT CO W.L.L 
Executive Secretary from February 23, 2017-Present 
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: 
- Reporting to the Manager for follow ups and any inquiries. 
- Handles information requests and the day to day operations. 
- Provide and supports administrative and clerical duties to the department. 
- Maintaining office procedures. 
- Operate office equipments (scanning and photocopying). 
- Relay directives and instructions to the executives. 
- Preparing reports and correspondence. 
AL RASHID GROUP 
Sales Associate from January 30, 2016- February 20, 2017 
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: 
- Greets customers and assist them with their queries or concerns. 
- Recommends or guides the customers on the merchandise or products available in the store. 
- Process card and cash payments or handles register transactions. 
- Assist in displaying the merchandise on the assigned areas in the store. 
HERRY AHN PHOTO STUDIO 
Sales/Marketing Assistant from August 25-November 13 2016 
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: 
- Organizing and hosting presentations and customer visits 
- Assisting with promotional activities - Visiting customers/external agencies - Provides product, promotion, and pricing information by clarifying customer request; selecting appropriate information; forwarding information; answering questions. 
LME Marketing Consultancy 
Admin and HR Officer from April 6-August 10 2016 
JOB RESPONSIBILITIES: 
- Recruitment - Compensation and Benefits - Employee Relations - Develops administrative staff by providing information, educational opportunities and experiential growth opportunities - Preparing reports and analyzing data - Maintaining equipment inventories and evaluating new equipment s - Provides information by answering questions and requests - Completes operational requirements by scheduling and assigning projects 
EDUCATIONAL ATTAINMENT: Tertiary Education 
School: Southwestern University 
Degree: Bachelor of Science in Psychology 
Address: Villa Aznar, Urgello, Cebu Year: 2013-2015 
School: Velez College 
Degree: Bachelor of Science in Physical Therapy 
Address: Ramos, Cebu City 
School Year: 2009-2012 
Secondary Education 
School: Colegio de la Inmaculada Concepcion Cebu 
Address: 45 Gorordo Ave., Cebu City 
School Year: 2005-2009 Elementary 
Education 
School: Talamban Elementary School 
Address: Talamban Cebu City 
School Year: 2000-2005 SKILLS: Fluent in English and Tagalog. 
Fast learner, time management and highly motivated and organized. 
Strong interpersonal skills, initiative, and is willing to work with others. 
Operative and knowledgeable in technological tools ranging from Microsoft Office to maintaining office equipments such as scanners and printers. 
Willingness and eagerness to learn. 
Meet the delegated task with minimal supervision. 
Internship: 
Keep it Simple Services (Rehabilitation Center) 
-Trained OJT from January-February 2015 Everjust Realty Dev. Corp.- Profood Group of Company- (J Centre Mall) -Trained HR (Human Resource) OJT from July-August 2014 
Southwestern University- Guidance Center 
-Trained OJT from June-July 2014 Certification(s): 
Sabre Air Conversion 
Basic and Pricing 
PERSONAL INFORMATION: 
Age: 24 yrs. Old 
Status: Single 
Nationality: 
Filipino 
Religion: 
Roman Catholic 
Driver s License: Yes 
REFERENCES: 
Name: Edwin Balingit 
Designation: Mechanical Engineer 
Company: Hitachi Group of Companies 
Contact number: +966502564755 
Name: Krisha Flores 
Designation: Bank Accountant 
Company: Lexmark Research and Development Corp. 
Email: floreskrishalyle@gmail.com 
Name: Abdelrahman Nagy 
Designation: Aluminum Engineer 
Company: Al Hamad Construction & Development Co. W.L.L. 
Contact Number: +97333085256 
