Ajay Joshi 
E-249-B, Vidhan Sabha Nagar, Mansarovar. 
Jaipur | 09929334555/08005501002 | ajayjoshi@live.co.uk 2016-04 - 2017-06 
2014-03 - 2015-04 
2013-04 - 2014-02 SKAD United Solutions LLP Jaipur 
Managing partner 
I was responsible in directing the business development activities of the organisation and created & engaged social media strategies ,executed plans that cultivated audiences, increase web presence and enhance brand awareness for our news portal www.bulletionofindia.com & www.sabguru.com as well as for real estate clients. 
Responsible for the overall management of all strategic and operational Marketing and Customer Relationship activities. Targeted both offline and online consumers by designing a multi-pronged and comprehensive marketing strategy. 
Handled major account and client liaison as the point-of-contact and support the digital strategy for real estate clients: www.kotechagroup.org & www.vilasagroup.com. 
Managed overall planning, implementing, analyzing, developing & optimizing mobile marketing campaigns for Tarkariwala, Google Play store: Jaipur Tarkari Wala. 
Regularly oversee data profiling, sales and tele-calling campaigns and ensure that projects are delivered meeting Clients' SLA and timelines. 
Planning and coordinating the implementation of business plans and execute and work with teams for digital marketing activities including social media management, paid advertising, SEO, Website Development, Content and Design. 
Oversee and motivated team to maximize performance, by identifying, developing and using individual expertise of all 12-14 team members as per the business requirement. 
Implement SEO strategies, keyword research and analysis, link building, blog submission 
Gravita India Limited Jaipur 
Assistant Manager 
Worked as an Assistant manager with key responsibilities of operations and digital marketing, building client relations, working on setting-up new outsourcing division. Managed a team of 30-35 developer, designer, sales & support team. Also managed online marketing activities, taking care of operational activities and Digital Marketing campaigns. 
Worked within an established team and manage projects successfully till their completion by ensuring each milestone of project is met. 
Account management and client liaison as the point-of-contact and support the digital strategy for the client Analysis of social media performance of clients across multiple platforms. Negotiating contracts, ensuring that they balance value and risk. 
Regularly establish and implement departmental policies, goals, objectives, and procedures. 
Communicate with stakeholders to ensure each member meet their objective and timeliness of the delivery - encourage, identify and develop best practice . 
Manage strong business relationships within the digital ecosystem. Understand and manage dynamics to drive best practices in this function.(Client: www.ownaroof.com) 
Innovative, analytical, with the ability to interpret information, data patterns and research quickly to solve problems. 
Znet Technologies Private Limited Jaipur 
Customer Relations & Sales Manager 
Responsible for Managing: sales and customer operations and staff of the organization's technical support, renewal and sales teams. Provide staff supervision, training, coaching and mentoring to promote best service and sales environment. Coordinate all aspects of sales and service delivery with other areas of organization to facilitate superior and continuing support 
An experienced professional, with a high degree of commercial acumen supplemented by the acquisition of a qualification as a Master of Business 
Administration major in International 
Marketing. 
Possess substantial experience in, business operations, internet marketing and new business development, working with key industry players, across a range of business sectors. 
Expertise in using social media platforms such as LinkedIn, Facebook, Twitter, YouTube & SlideShare for distributing content and pushing business thought leadership. 
A forward thinking person with strong communication, analytical & organizational skills; well organized with a track record that demonstrates self-motivation, creativity & initiative to achieve corporate & personal goals. 
Have developed and implemented strategies through directional and creative marketing using various social media tools and techniques, and have gained experience in Digital 
Marketing Demand Generation, Social 
Media Marketing, Content Design, Search Engine Optimization and Corporate Branding 
Stay up-to-date with digital marketing trends and potential new channels and strategies, including updates on attribution, programmatic media buying, social media acquisitions. 
Following Digital Gurus Like David 
Meerman Scott, Gary Vaynerchuk, Seth Godin and Guy Kawasaki with all updates. 
Good understanding of digital marketing and the associated channels like social media, paid advertising, SEO, content marketing, branding and strategy. 
Work experience 
Profile Summary 
Highlight https://www.visualcv.com/ajay-joshi 2011-10 - 2012-11 2011-03 - 2011-10 2002-01 - 2010-01 and sales. Responsible for the supervision of the staff of twenty-five people within, sales & customer relationship department. 
Execute and work with multiple teams for digital marketing activities including social media management, paid advertising, Search Engine Optimization, Website Development, Content and Design 
Supervisory responsibilities, Shift management, Grievances Management & Compliance through Chat/call monitoring. 
Handle client complaints and escalation matrix, facilitate resolution to client s issues, assist in other departmental inquiries. 
Identify product training requirement and enhance the process by implementing new strategies. 
Improving customer service based on client feedback, successfully handled all public relations issues. 
Active user of social media and digital networks including Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn, YouTube, Slideshare and online forums / discussion groups Careline Services- HGS UK Chiswick, London 
Sales Agent 
This business was a customer and prospect management company operating for three major clients: LOCOG, British Sky Broadcasting (Sky Television) and Premier Foods. 
Joined as Sales Agent for the client BSkyB, in Sky campaign, responsible for existing customer management and technical support, with prime objective to retain & cross-sell Sky broadband, television and fixed telephony, and maximise sale opportunities of its product line. 
Was Promoted to Team Supervisor for the new client-LOCOG (London Organising committee of the Olympic and Paralympics), was responsible for assisting 10 FTE, handling public enquiries & complaints, ticketing queries through inbound calls and Emails. 
Providing L2 support and helped in escalating unresolved queries to client, to Canary Wharf 
Head office. 
Established and maintained appropriate staff resources of the Operations Team to ensure that projects are delivered. 
Responsible for establishing clear organizational structures for the Operations. 
Travelex UK Heathrow Airport, London 
VAT Consultant -Queue Host 
Aided non-European visitors to claim VAT refund on European Union purchases via the VAT 
Refund claims and Retail Export Scheme. 
Supported customers to complete the forms correctly thereby speeding up the transaction and providing best customer experience. 
Team responsibilities and accountability of individuals. 
Providing administrative and management support to over 100 customers or more, liaised with UK Custom during busy hours. 
HCL BPO Noida 
Senior Analyst 
As a team coordinator managed a team of 10 Analyst, assigning and directing regular tasks. 
Controlled the Financial Credit Reporting Checks queue for British Telecom to ensure that all activities were delegated within 15 minutes of its release to the FCREP team. 
Financial management: understand budgetary boundaries, monitor and ensure on time delivery within set budget. Ensure orders transition raised and credit according to BT procedure. 
Maintained weekly contact calls with the Process Owner to discuss team performance, agree improvements required and ensure effective internal communication within the team & across organization. 
Blue Ribbon Certification,BT Retail, British Telecom, 2010. 
Customer Service, EDI Level 1, BAA 
Heathrow Academy, London 2011 Google Analytics certification 2017 
Google Adword Fundamentals 
Certification 2017 
MBA in International Business from Cardiff Metropolitan University London in 2011 
BBA from Annamalai University in 2000 Campaign Management 
Team Management 
Digital Marketing 
SEM/ SEO 
Marketing Communication 
Operations & Sales 
Business Development 
Leadership Ability 
Answer 7 questions before you designa successful Digital Marketing Strategy 
How can a global business achieve a better competitive advantage through outsourcing? 
Why How What of Inbound marketing 
Remarketing: Google Adwords magic tool http://www.businesssandesh.in http://www.bulletinofindia.com http://www.buletinofindia.com/hindi http://www.businesssandesh.in http://www.gravitaindia.com http://www.alexanderleking.com http://www.capaelectrical.com.au http://www.dexterandfriends.com http://www.iloveqatar.net http://www.kovasound.com.au http://www.outletklockor.se http://www.rugvillage.co.nz Certifications Education Key Skills: Article Online reputation Management https://www.visualcv.com/ajay-joshi 
