 PRASHANT BANSAL 
Mobile: +91-9810577892 
E-M ail: prashant.bansal83@gmail.com 
PROFESSIONAL PROFILE 
A competent professional with 11 years of experience in Consulting, Pre-Sales and Project Management. 
An effective leader with proven abilities in project execution, client management, business development and managing diverse teams. 
SKILL SET Managerial 
Structuring and shaping client engagements, understanding client challenges and suggesting suitable mitigation Enabling and guiding team members during project phases to achieve desired results Responsible for project planning and control (Revenue Projections, Profitability, Billing, Collections) 
Responsible for complete business development life cycle - opportunity identification, client relationship management, preparation of competitive proposal, client presentation and deal closure 
Domain Knowledge 
Govt. Sector 
Smart Cities & Urban Sector 
Mgmt. Consulting 
Preparing 
IT Strategy IoT Public Financial Mgmt. 
MIS 
Integrated Financial Mgmt. System 
Functional Competencies 
Project Management Business Development 
Requirement Analysis 
Government Liasoning 
Financial Modeling 
DPR Preparation 
Evaluation of Tools & Technologies 
RFP Preparation 
Bid Process Mgmt. 
Pre-Sales 
Team Mgmt. 
KEY ACHIEVEMENTS Program Management for rollout of a Smart Cities for ICT bases Smart Solutions 
Sustained business development efforts resulted in conversion of multiple opportunities of Rs 27 Cr., Rs3.50 Cr. & 
Rs 200 Cr 
Manages end to end engagement of 3 Smart City Proposals 
Recognized for work done & efforts made Super Team Award -1, Appreciation for Excellence in Client Relationships -4 
Managed delivery of projects Prepared the financial model as part of Smart City Proposal for one of the city of more that Rs 2500 Cr 
EMPLOYMENT CHRONICLE 
Since Sept 15 KPMG, Gurgaon Manager 
Accountabilities 
Business development and pre-sales working on at least 2 large proposals per quarter Client interaction and relationship management Preparation of Project Deliverables: As-Is Assessment, To-Be Analysis, Business Process Report, Change Management Plan, Details Project Report, and Request for Proposal 
Independently handling large scale projects Leading/Guiding team members Notable Contributions 
Handled projects: 
PMC for ICT based Smart Solutions for Smart City Projects for Gwalior Smart City 
As- Is study and project structuring Preparation of functional requirement specifications Project structuring, Bid process management, identification of technology partner Leading the ICT track of one of flagship mission of Govt. of India 
Program management of more than 5 notable initiatives under the mission, these includes locating public toilets on Google maps, Swachhta-MoUD App, CSR Portal, and overall IT strategy for the mission, eLearning portal, Citizen 
Helpline. 
Initiation of the pilot program, City Advisory Unit in bridging the gaps between Central and ULBs. 
Smart City Initiative for leading Municipal Corporations 
Advisory support for roll out of smart city initiatives: 
Preparation of business case, financial viability and financial modelling. 
Led Preparation of Smart City Proposals (SCP) - Driving citizen engagement for finalization of vision and goals of the city, identification of suitable technology and urban design interventions for area based & PAN city part, preparation of financial model for the SCP. 
Identification of appropriate technological interventions. 
NDMC & Aligarh was selected amongst the Round of Smart Cities announced. 
PMC for ICT based Smart Solutions for Smart City Projects for Indore Smart City 
As-Is study and project structuring Preparation of functional requirement specifications 
RFP preparation and Technical & Financial Bid evaluation, Implementation support Project structuring, Bid process management, identification of technology partner Consultancy for scheme evaluation and improvement for one of the Ministry of Govt. of India 
As-Is study and documentation of service delivery process Preparation of functional requirement specifications 
RFP preparation and Technical & Financial Bid evaluation, Implementation support 
Sep 14-Sep 15 
Wipro Limited, Gurgaon 
Manager Accountabilities 
Account Planning & Management: Develop and document account plans and identify business opportunities with key clients in Urban Infrastructure (Security & Surveillance) & eGovernance sector. Act as a central point of contact for clients and facilitate communications between Wipro and client. 
Communicating with consortium partners and vendors Notable Contributions 
Handled projects: 
Consultancy for CCTV project implementation for Madhya Pradesh Police 
As-Is study and project structuring Preparation of functional requirement specifications 
RFP preparation and Technical & Financial Bid evaluation, Implementation support Roll-out of National e-Governance Plan for Agriculture (NeGP) Project structuring, Bid process management, identification of technology partner Preparation of project plan and cost estimation Apr 13-July 14 
Samsung SDS, New Delhi 
Assistant Manager 
Accountabilities 
Won PPP mode AFC project for Hyderabad Metro of 79 stations (Rs 200 Cr.) 
Responsible for developing business opportunities for IT services in government projects including: Smart City, Automatic 
Fare Collection (AFC), Bus Rapid Transit System (BRTS), and Border surveillance 
Liasoning: Develop a network of contacts with domestic companies like L&T, IL&FS, Reliance for potential partnerships and determined appropriate engagement model like sub-contracting, strategic alliances, joint venture Notable Contributions 
Handled projects: 
Project Management for CCTV project implementation for Department of Home, Govt. of Maharashtra 
Project structuring, Bid process management, identification of technology partner and solution finalization Preparation of project plan and cost estimation Project Management for implementation of Automatic Fare Collection (e-ticketing) for Hyderabad Metro 
As-Is study and project structuring Bid process management, identification of technology partner, solution finalization and pricing strategy 
May 12-Mar 13 
IL&FS Technologies, Gurgaon 
Sr. Officer Accountabilities 
Won GIS based VTS project for Himachal Pradesh State Road Transportation (Rs.9.97 Cr.) 
Notable Contributions 
Handled projects: 
Project Management for installation of Vehicle Tracking System (VTS) for HSRTC 
As-Is study and project structuring Bid process management, identification of technology partner, solution finalization and pricing strategy Project Management for GPS based Vehicle Tracking System (VTS), wireless network, IP cameras for Western 
Coalfields Limited 
As-Is study and project structuring Design the desired solution Preparation of project plan and cost estimation Sep 10-April 12 
S.E. Investments Ltd., New Delhi Consultant 
Accountabilities 
Client interaction and relationship management Notable Contributions 
Handled projects: 
Assisting telecommunication multinational for identification of mobile interventions Landscape study of ecosystem in alignment with the priorities and organization s objectives Identification of scale-up options Transaction Advisory for a leading pigment manufacturer of Canada 
Analysis of market, products & services 
Financial synergies 
Feb 08-Aug 10 
PWC, Gurgaon Associate 
Notable Contributions 
Handled projects: 
Assisting Vibrant Gujarat initiatives Define the ecosystem of the cluster Market orientation, accessibility to markets & technology and defining the financing schemes 
Study the Indian IT/ITeS Industry evolving business models for sustained growths Aims to present a holistic view of the current industry and examines possible future developments 
Nov 06-Feb 08 
Bank of America, Gurgaon 
Associate 
Accountabilities 
Supported the Business Development team based in USA, EMEA, APAC region in doing analysis of financial statement of companies using sources like Hoovers, Factiva, One Source, Yahoo Finance, etc. 
Notable Contributions 
Handled projects on: 
Analysis and research of the financial and operating data of the selected Business Banking and Commercial 
Banking clients to identify their credit-worthiness Manage knowledge database and ad-hoc projects for Business partners 
SCHOLASTICS MBA from SPCJ Institute of Management, Agra in 2006 with CGPI- 7.89/10. 
B.Com (Hons) from Aligarh Muslim University, Aligarh in-2004 with 67%. 
ACADEMIC PROJECTS Completed projects on: 
Competitive Intelligence report of the features of Current Accounts offered by the major players in the Banking sector vis a vis ICICI Bank . 
PERSONAL DOSSIER Date of Birth : 2rd June, 1983 
Languages Known : English & Hindi 
Address : Flat No. 1446, VASTO Tower, Mahagun Moderne, Sector-78, NOIDA-201301, U.P., India 
