 VIVEK.U.C 
(HVAC Engineer) 
Contact No: 
+919585949733/ +919746062212 
Passport No: P2201609 
Current 
Location:Bangalore 
Email: 
vivek4mech@gmail.com 
LANGUAGE KNOWN English 
Hindi 
Tamil 
Malayalam 
KEY SKILLS AutoCAD 
Revit MEP (HVAC) 
MS Office Duct Sizer- McQuay, 
Pipe Sizer- McQuay, HAP PERSONAL DETAILS Date of Birth 
: 26-09-1989 
Age : 27 
Nationality 
: Indian 
Father s name : U Kumaran 
Marital Status : Single 
Address : 
Santhi Bhavan Kudukkimetta, 
Kannur,Kerala 
CARRIER OBJECTIVE 
To work in tandem with a team in a challenging and competitive environment where I could improve my knowledge, capabilities and put them to use for the development of the organization. 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
A dynamic professional with 1 year of good experience in: 
Design & Engineering (HVAC Systems) and Possesses a multitude of honed skills including HVAC & Plumbing design. 
Demonstrated excellence in team building and leadership problem-solving and analytical thinking skills. 
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY 
Worked in MEDAC Enterprises Pvt. Ltd., as HVAC ENGINEER from 2th MAY 2016 to 31st MAY 2017. 
Job Profile 
Proficiency in HVAC Design Cooling load calculations, Duct system sizing and equipment selection. 
Proficiency in AutoCAD to prepare HVAC drawings (HVAC 
Plan, Section & Schematic) 
Specifically, I have expertise in design of chiller systems and DX systems relative to Operation Theatre, Hospitals & Health care facilities, Laboratories, Industries & Commercial buildings. 
Good knowledge in installation and functioning of AHU, FCU, Ducting, Piping, Pumps, Valves & VAV systems. 
Coordinating in purchase of all the machine and machine parts as per the requirement and ensure the installation of the same. 
Proficiency at grasping new technical concepts quickly and utilizing the same in a productive manner. 
Calculate the design cooling load of proposed building for 
HVAC and submit to consultant/ client for review & approval. 
Prepare HVAC drawings respect to design requirements and contract requirements with coordination of other disciplines and submit as per the approved schedules to the consultant/ client for review & approval. 
Manages directly and provide engineering and technical supports to all the Mechanical work groups at site. 
Job Profile 
Handled responsibilities of developing duct design, pipe design, CHW pump head calculation, Fan static pressure calculation, Equipment selection, Preparing technical documents, reviewing supplier design, Inspection and approval, Cost estimation, bill; of materials preparation. 
Calculation ventilation rate, pressure drop and head loss through pipe and ventilation systems. 
Performed psychometric analysis, sizing of air-handling equipment for HVAC installations etc. 
Providing effective planning scheduling functions on projects in accordance with clients/ company policies, procedures, specifications and project base line. 
Estimates, prepares and assigns the resources such as man power, materials, equipment, tools, etc, required for all mechanical and related works prior to execution. 
Follow up all contractors and labours performance on site to ensure proper timely execution of works. 
Manages directly provide engineering and technical supports to all the mechanical work groups at site. 
Provide engineering consulting services in residential and commercial buildings in design in accordance with ASHRAE standards and applicable building codes. 
Ensure that all mechanical site activities are conducted under controlled conditions as per shop drawings, methods statements, specification and work plan. 
To monitor and control expenses related to project work and ensure organisational forecasts and budgets are met for these expenses. 
To ensure safety standards and procedures are implemented and followed in accordance with contract requirements and company guide lines. 
Monitored staffs and performance and hired supplementary personal as needed. 
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATIONS 
Bachelor Degree (B.E.) in Mechanical Engineering with 74% from muthayammal Engineering College, Anna university, Chennai, Tamil nadu , India in 2011 Batch. 
HSC in science group from Munderi Government Higher Secondary Science Group (Biology) (completed in March 2007 with 63 %), State Board, Kerala, India. 
SSLC from CHM Higher Secondary School-Passed with 74% in March 2005, State 
Board, Kerala, India. 
ACADEMIC PROJECT 
A study on effect of cutting conditions for surface roughness using Taguchi technique and Anova. 
DECLARATION 
I do here by declare that all the statements mentioned above are correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
(VIVEK.U.C) 
