RESUME
 
Contact Number:8884807513 
MADUGULAMANASA Email:madhu.manu105@gmail.com 
No 6/21,nandini nilaya, Padmanabha nagar, banashankri, Bangalore 560061 Career Objective . To obtain a challenging and responsible position in the organization and to serve it with my diligence, competence, honesty and by delivering my best performance. 
Academic Qualifications 
NAME OF THE INSTITUTE QUALIFICATION 
YEAROF PASSING 
PERCENTAGE% 
Sikkim Manipal University MBA(HR) 
2017(Pursuing) 
78 (till 3rd sem) East West institute of technology B.E in ECE 2014 
69.97 Narayana college 
PUC 2009 
82 
Jeevan Jyothi high school 10TH 2007 83 Professional Experience 
Working as an HR Generalist in FotoBubbles Tech Pvt Ltd,Banglore 
Duration : From June 2015 to till now. 
Job Responsibilities: 
Sourcing and screening the resumes . 
Conducting Telephonic interviews . 
Scheduling Interviews. 
Posting the jobs on Job portals . 
Rolling out Offer letters. 
Handling Joining Formalities and Documentation. 
Attendance Management and Salary calculations and deductions. 
Handling Exit Formalities 2. Worked as a Business Development executive in Solutions Infini 
Duration 
Jan 2015 to June 2015. 
Technical Qualification 
MNA (Master in Network Administration) CLOUD COMPUTING 
Academic Project 
Title : IPROB - an Android Application for Monitorizing, tracking and Responding 
Technologies used are Android Google API. 
GSM GPS (for getting users current location) 
Duration : 3 months Project Description 
I PROB is a very powerful software especially developed for the safety of girls, when ever some body is in trouble they dont have to sit and find contacts or find ways to send sms, or msg the near ones. They might not have so much time.. all that they have to do is shake the smart phone above the threshold value, vigorously ., immediately an msg alert is sent to the persons mom, dad and who ever they wish to, if their guardians also have a smartphone. 
Even though if it is in silent mode.. when a msg called ALERT is received it automatically changes its profile to general, and gives a voice notification YOUR SON // DAUGHTER IS IN TROUBLE PLZ HELP. PLZ HELP. PLZ HELP. REPEATEDLY AS A RING TONE until they listen and stop it .. 
If they want to find where their ward is.. all that they have to send is LOC as an sms to their smart phone, it will respond with the current location of their ward.. If they want to track their ward. They have to send ENABLE msg as an sms to their smart phone, it will respond with the location every 5 minute once,, which is stored and gets connected with the GOOGLE MAPS using GPRS and plot the ROUTE in live.. Strengths 
Patience 
Optimistic 
Good Communication skills Adaptability to any kind of working environment Personal Details 
Name Madugula Manasa 
Fathers Name M. Sathyanarayana 
Date of birth 10-05-1992 Marital Status Single 
Nationality Indian 
Languages English, Telugu, Kannada, Hindi 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above furnished details are true up to my knowledge. 
Madugula Manasa. 
