Robin Taylor 
Houston, TX 77056 | 281.253.3358 | robin.taylor@rocketmail.com Executive administrative support professional offering versatile office management, administrative and HR related skills. 
Skills & Abilities 
Microsoft Office Proficiency 
Proficiency with Excel Spreadsheets 
Data Entry 
Advanced PowerPoint 
Office Management Skills 
Business Administration 
Invoice Processing 
Event Planning 
Travel Arrangements 
Human Resources 
Administrative Assistant 
Software Training 
Proficiency with QuickBooks Proficiency with Sage 
Proficiency with Guardian (I9) Video Editing 
Experience 
OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR/MARKETING COORDINATOR | ROBERTS WEALTH MANAGEMENT | SEPTEMBER 2016- JUNE 2017 Managed office supplies, vendors, organization and upkeep. 
Handled all day-to-day activities. 
Managed all event preparations from conception to finalization. 
Managed and created all social media outlets. 
Managed, organized and coordinated seminars, trade shows, special events and meetings Monitored activities of events and ensured compliance with the applicable regulations Reviewed event bills for accuracy and approved payments 
Consulted with customers and identified objectives and requirements of conferences and meetings 
OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR | FREE ARTS FOR ABUSED CHILDREN | MARCH 2016-SEPTEMBER 2016 
Planned and coordinated logistics and materials for board meetings, committee meetings and staff events. 
Managed office supplies, vendors, organization and upkeep. 
Screened applicant resumes and coordinated both phone and in-person interviews. 
Organized all new hire, security and temporary paperwork. 
Completed data entry, tracked resumes and maintained the applicant tracking system. 
Compiled company information and related material and distributed it to candidates. 
Coordinated board and committee meetings, including schedules and information preparation and distribution. 
Compiled annual recommendations for end of fiscal year budgets. 
Administered compensation, benefits and performance management systems and safety and recreation programs. 
Analyzed and modified compensation and benefits policies to establish competitive programs and ensure compliance with legal requirements. 
Coordinated work activities of subordinates and staff relating to employment, compensation, labor relations and employee relations. 
Handled understaffing, disputes, terminating employees and administering disciplinary procedures. 
Represented organization at personnel-related hearings and investigations. 
Entered numerical data into databases in a timely and accurate manner. 
Oversaw daily office operations for staff of 15 employees. 
Prepared and distributed payroll for staff of 15 direct reports. 
Created company s first employee manual including training and development. 
Processed accounts receivable and accounts payable. 
Performed accounts receivable duties including invoicing, researching chargebacks, discrepancies and reconciliations. 
OFFICE ADMINISTRATOR | SPARK ANALYTICS | JUNE 2015-MARCH 2016 
Processed accounts receivable and accounts payable. 
Liaised with vendors to order and maintain inventory of office supplies. 
Managed hundreds of accounts receivable accounts working directly with the Financial Management Office. 
Performed accounts receivable duties including invoicing, researching chargebacks, discrepancies and reconciliations. 
Oversaw inventory and office supply purchases. 
Composed and drafted all outgoing correspondence and reports for managers. 
Oversaw daily office operations for staff of 18 employees. 
Conducted research to prepare, gather and proof briefing materials, agendas and decks for all executive-level meetings. 
Posted receipts to appropriate general ledger accounts. 
Researched and resolved accounts payable discrepancies. 
Reconciled discrepancies between accounts receivable general ledger account and accounts receivable trial balance account. 
Composed effective accounting reports summarizing accounts payable data. 
Balanced monthly general ledger accounts to accurately record cost and month end accruals. 
Entered numerical data into databases in a timely and accurate manner. 
Scanned documentation and entered into the database. 
SOFTWARE TRAINER | LAW LOGIX | AUGUST 2014-JUNE 2015 Created an online training program to be used during video training conferences. 
Organized training for 5-7 new employees per week. 
Assessed training needs through surveys, interviews with employees, focus groups and consultation with managers. 
Planned and delivered account management training to an average of 20 account managers per week. 
Monitored participant workflow and behaviors throughout the training process. 
Addressed all questions from training program participants. 
Created online training courses in Guardian. 
Assumed ownership of all training program initiatives. 
Entered numerical data into databases in a timely and accurate manner. 
Reviewed and updated client correspondence files and scheduling database. 
Evaluated the effectiveness of training programs and recommended improvements to upper management. 
Coordinated ongoing technical training and personal development classes for staff members. 
Conducted orientation sessions and organized on-the-job training for new hires. 
Developed surveys to identify training needs based on projected production processes and changes. 
Organized and edited training manuals, multimedia visual aids and other educational materials. 
Trained staff during demonstrations, meetings, conferences and workshops. 
Trained new hires to perform cross-training exercises with experienced workers. 
Reviewed and edited all training materials for accuracy and policy compliance. 
LITIGATION PARALEGAL | WILLS LAW FIRM | JUNE 2013-AUGUST 2014 Investigated facts and laws to determine causes of action and to prepare cases. 
Researched state statutes, decisions, legal articles, codes and documents. 
Created weekly, monthly and quarterly expense reports, including employee success and revenue reports. 
Conducted detailed client intakes and entered information into company database. 
Contacted key witnesses to testify at court hearings. 
Prepared legal briefs, motions and pleadings. 
Managed the legal department for superior court judges. 
Reviewed Deed of Trust, Title Commitment and prior bankruptcies documents. 
Communicated pertinent information to clients via phone, email and mail. 
Drafted, signed and certified key legal documents for judicial review. 
Maintained ongoing communication with opposing parties from discovery to trial phase. 
Directed and coordinated law office activity, including delivery of subpoenas. 
Transcribed legal documents and phone conversations. 
Obtained signatures from attorneys for legal documents. 
Created detailed expense reports and requests for capital expenditures. 
Answered and quickly redirected up to 50 calls per hour. 
Coordinated domestic and international travel arrangements, including booking airfare, hotel and transportation. 
Managed office supplies, vendors, organization and upkeep. 
Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services. 
Screened applicant resumes and coordinated both phone and in-person interviews. 
Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages. 
Greeted numerous visitors, including VIPs, vendors and interview candidates. 
Drafted biweekly time sheets for 5 executives and employees. 
Organized all new hire, security and temporary paperwork. 
ADMINISTRATIVE ASSISTANT/MARKETING COORDINATOR | MCGUYER HOMEBUILDERS | MARCH 2008-JUNE 
2013 
Answered and quickly redirected up to 60 calls per hour. 
Planned and coordinated logistics and materials for board meetings, committee meetings and staff events. 
Created detailed expense reports and requests for capital expenditures. 
Ordered and distributed office supplies while adhering to a fixed office budget. 
Coordinated domestic and international travel arrangements, including booking airfare, hotel and transportation. 
Managed office supplies, vendors, organization and upkeep. 
Directed guests and routed deliveries and courier services. 
Screened applicant resumes and coordinated both phone and in-person interviews. 
Answered and managed incoming and outgoing calls while recording accurate messages. 
Opened and properly distributed incoming mail. 
Greeted numerous visitors, including VIPs, vendors and interview candidates. 
Helped distribute employee notices and mail around the office. 
Maintained a clean reception area, including lounge and associated areas. 
Created effective messaging using language, graphics and marketing collateral. 
Collaborated with designers and the editorial team on marketing materials. 
Targeted both offline and online consumers by designing a multi-pronged and comprehensive marketing strategy. 
Wrote off-site SEO content such as press releases, guest blog posts and informational articles. 
Education 
AAS | 2013 | Center for Advanced Legal Studies 
Major: Paralegal 
AA | 1999 | Stephen F Austin 
Major: Business Management 
