:E-mail atulit.shankar@yahoo.com :Phone 8892898160 7483348985 :Address 1st floor house number 770, ideal homes township, 24th cross, rajarajeshwari nagar, bangalore-560098 
B.E (Information Science Engineering) 2012 2016 
CBSE 12th 2010 2012 
CBSE 10th 2000 2010 Niffler October, 2014 March, 2015 Aapka Times August 2014 November 2014 
Moodle Of India May 2015 October 2015 ATULIT SHANKAR 
Objective 
Seeking for a career in IT or a Management company where i can use my social media, technical, management and team skills to enhance the growth of the organisation. 
Education 
Information Science & Engineering 
Currently pursuing 8th semester with a cumulative CGPA of 7 Eklavya Educational Complex 
Secured 73% aggregate Delhi Public School, Patna 
Secured 8.8 CGPA 
Work experience Social Media Intern 
It is an android app which helps to get deals in nearby stores, the company is listed in India's top 10 best startup in the year 2014. I did content development for the company on social media platforms, and also the promotion of the brand online through different SEO techniques and also some growth hacking techniques. This internship was work from home internship. 
SEO Intern 
This company is a startup which gives latest news to the people. For this company I performed Search Engine 
Optimization to improve brand visibility. The SEO techniques I used is generation of backlinks and plagiarism checks. This internship was work from home internship. 
Content Writer Intern 
This is a company in which people get to know about Learning Management System and e-learning. The company provides LMS solutions for different institutions in India. For the company I wrote 50+ articles which are posted on their websites. This internship was work from home internship. 
ATULIT SHANKAR 1 Place Of Origin June 2015 July 2015 Output Antivirus January 2015 June 2015 
F&D April 2015 
May 2015 Marketing Masala June 2015 October 2016 Bric July 2015 
Novermber 2015 Entrepreneurs India June 2015 Present 
Evenrank January 2016 
May 2016 Techstory March 2016 Present 
Graphics Designer/ Social media Intern 
It is a startup company which provides world class food from different parts of the country to one place in bangalore currently. This company is now taken over by Craftsvilla. For this company I designed their brochures through photoshop and handled their social media pages. This internship was work from home internship. 
Social media Intern 
This company is an antivirus company and it is a NASSCOM initiative and is a startup. For this company I handled their facebook pages with content creation on it and its promotion. This internship was work from home internship. 
Social Media Intern 
This is a electronics company which is about electronic items such as speakers, home theaters. For this company i performed their brand visibility online on social media and suggested about contents to be posted on their social media pages. This internship was work from home internship. 
Social Media Intern 
This is a startup company which helps other startup for brand visibility online. For this company I am handling twitter, linked and facebook pages for different companies they tie up with. My role is to develop content, find potential clients and promotion for these clients. All the things online. Also handled Facebook & Google ad campaigns for the company. 
This internship was work from home internship. 
Online Marketing Intern 
This is a startup company which offers saving of business cards on mobile on an app IOS or Android. I was responsible for handling the social media pages, the promotion of the brand, email marketing, sms marketing, app notifications and facebook ads for the company. I also developed content to be posted on different social media pages for this comapny. 
Also handled Facebook ad campaigns for the company. This internship was work from home internship. 
Social Media Ninja 
This is a startup company in which the founder interviews different startups founder and release the interview as a podcast on Itunes, soundcloud etc. I am handling the social media pages for the company including the promotion part. I am also posting content on all the social media pages of this company. Completed 1 year working with this company. 
This internship is work from home internship. 
Social Media Intern 
This is a startup company which provides customised job recommendations according to the candidate's profile. I am handling the social media pages for the company including the content posting on them, poster designing and promotion part. Also handling Facebook ad campaigns for the company. This internship was work from home internship. 
Social Media Intern 
Handling the promotion of brand on all social media platforms. It is a company which publishes news related to startups and technology. The company website has 100000+ visits everyday. My job is to handle the promotion of the articles on all social media platforms. Handling promotion on platforms like facebook, twitter, linkedin, instagram, reddit, crunchbase, google plus. This internship is work from home internship. 
ATULIT SHANKAR 2 Ruly March 2016 Present 
Digital marketing intern 
This is a company which is legal startup of delhi and has online portal of question and answers related to legal issues in India. It also provides various legal services and legal consultation related to startups in India. The founder of the company is an IIT kharagpur alumni and i am working under him. I am Handling the promotion of the company on facebook, twitter and linkedin. Also helping the company with SEO related work. This internship is work from home internship. 
Projects 
ATTENDANCE MANAGEMENT SYSTEM DBMS and web programming project on attendance management system through php,mysql,html,css,bootstrap. An online portal in which teachers can login by their specific username and password and mark the attendance for their subjects and generate NSAR lists also. MACROPROCESSOR 
A system software project in which the program processes macros and expand it when the function is called. The tool used was lex, yacc and c programming. 
Interests 1. Operating Systems. 
2. Web Programming. 
3. Online activities 4. Managing people 5. Social media or SEO 
6. Facebook, Google ad campaigns Volunteering 
CSI Volunteer 
Computer Society Of India volunteer from 30th june 2013 to 30th june 2016. Attended conferences organised by CSI. 
Technical Skills 
OPERATING SYSTEMS: WINDOWS 
LANGUAGES KNOWN: C, PHP, HTML, MYSQL 
Personal Profile 
NAME : ATULIT SHANKAR FATHER S NAME : UDAY SHANKAR PRASAD ATULIT SHANKAR 3 NATIONALITY : INDIAN. 
LANGUAGES KNOWN : ENGLISH,HINDI. 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that all the above information is true to the best of my knowledge and any information if found to be false is only due to my negligence. 
ATULIT SHANKAR 4 
