Sagar Goswami Contact No. : +91
-9920042891 E-Mail Id: goswamisagar91@gmail.com 
Job Objective Looking for a position to work in a professional environment, which encourages innovative ideas, gives opportunities to use multi- disciplinary skills and consequently helps in portraying a successful career path through a mutually beneficial way. 
Academic Details EXAM CLEARED INSTITUTE MARKS OBTAINED CA FINAL 
Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 52.88% IPCC Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 50.57% CPT Institute of Chartered Accountants of India 62.00% B.COM S.I.E.S College of Commerce and Economics 80.43% HSC Swami Vivekanand Junior College 74.17% ICSE St. Gregorios High School (ICSE) 74.43% . 
Career Summary Have successfully completed Three years of Articleship Training from a reputed firm. 
Exposure in Concurrent Audit of Bank. 
Finalizing Accounts and Audit of many Co-operative Societies and Enterprises. 
Proficient in computation corporate, individual and taxes, corporate organizations. 
Timely deduction of TDS Liability and TDS Returns. 
Estimation of Advance Tax and timely deposit of the same. 
Filing of Income Tax returns of all kind of assesses. 
Assistance in Rectification of returns, Assessment proceedings, and Refund of clients. 
Complying with registration procedure, timely deposit and filing of Service Tax and MVAT. 
Assisting in Statutory Audit of Bank. 
Assisting in Stock Audit of various Entities. 
Highly skilled in researching issues and finding solution and best alternatives to tax issues. 
Easy going nature and able to coordinate with all departments. 
Computer Proficiency 
Have received training of MS-Office, Tally and other Computer Tools. 
Strengths 
Self-motivated. 
High energy level. Ability to solve problems efficiently under Due dates. 
A Never give up attitude. 
Co-Curricular Activities 
Have attended GST Seminar. 
Working on Developing a Fin-tech Application for Mobile Users. 
Attended Lectures on Insolvency and Bankruptcy Code. 
Attended seminars on RERA Act and also Interested in obtaining practical knowledge in the same. 
Interests 
Playing Tennis. 
Internet Savvy. 
Watching Documentaries. 
Personal Details Date of birth: April 27, 1992. Languages known: English, Hindi. Address: 201, Pooja Apartments, R.C. Marg, Chembur, Mumbai-400074. 
