LinkedIn: https://in.linkedin.com/in/yuvaraj-vijayakumar-b6a420a V.YUVARAJ 
Mobile: +91
99423-08573/77081-79981 
E-Mail: yuvarajaries@gmail.com 
A dedicated business professional with Entrepreneurial character, I look forward in having a commendable level of challenges, succeed those with high repute & increase profitability to the organisation and foresee in having a rewarding career. 
PROFILE SNAPSHOT 
Business Development Business Analysis Market Research 
Business Proposals Social Media Marketing Contract Negotiation 
Leads Generation Team Management Business Presentations 
Email Campaigns Talent Acquisition Client Relationships 
A keen analyst and a Business Evangelist with strong problem solving, communication & negotiation skills and also, skilled at content writing, formulating business proposals and business plans Adept in undertaking technical & feasibility studies while analysing, summarising information and trends Develop content and implement campaigns for social channels to increase engagement and brand awareness and prepare marketing and sales strategies Create and demonstrate product/project presentations to the prospects and clients Channelize end-end sales activities from Leads Generation, Email Campaigns & calls, CRM management, Presentations, Business Proposals (RFP, RFI & RFQ) and Deal signoffs. 
Perform competitor/product research, analyse data/information to make appropriate documents in ordinance to BRDs. 
ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE 
March 2017 Present 
Augusta Hi-Tech Soft Solutions, Coimbatore Business Development Executive 
Key Result Areas: 
Perform data collection through research Do Cold-Calls and completely focus on Leads Generation 
October 2016 March 2017 
Majestic People InfoTech. Coimbatore Business Development Executive 
Key Result Areas: 
End-to-end Sales activities in the U.S market Performing full Social Media Marketing activities (Blogs, Newsletters, and image shares) Preparing and executing sales and social media plans on timely basis 
Do Cold-calls, leads generation, email marketing, Business presentations and Proposal writing February 2015 March 2016 
Exterro R&D India Ltd. Coimbatore CFE, BA & BDE Key Result Areas as a Client Facing Engineer: 
Empathise the clients and provide them with effective solution by directing the appropriate client management team and get the job done on time Key Result Areas as a Business Analyst: 
Understand Systems Engineering Concepts and implement advanced strategies for gathering, reviewing and analysing data requirements 
Prioritise the requirements and create conceptual prototypes/mock-ups 
Create User Acceptance Test (UAT) document based on the use cases and the user stories Create Software Requirements Specification (SRS) document and make revisions whenever changes are made Understand the Business Requirements and ensure that the project scope is aligned to meet the business purpose Categorise requirements based on the Function (What it do?) and Non-Function (How it work?) 
Work on the assigned Backlogs, perform both functional & non-functional tests and report bugs in the Bug tracking system (Mantis) Work under the Agile Process Management 
Usage of tools like Greenshot, Snagit, Creately & Canva to specify bugs, create Mock-Ups etc. 
Experience: 4.5 Years 
Visualise the business needs and propose suitable concepts/ideals to enhance the project/product Key Result Areas as a Business Development Executive: 
Perform data collection, email campaigns, Business Presentations through PowerPoint Formulation of business proposals based on the technical requirements and detailed presentations 
Ensuring the task completion by effectively coordinating both the teams in India and in the U.S 
Sales and Marketing activities through the use of tools such as Pardot, Salesforce.com, etc. 
Social Media activities through SM sites (Facebook, Twitter and LinkedIn) 
Write blogs and do product promotions. 
Highlights: 
Handled Business Development Team of 4 members by assisting, aiding, and motivating the team to maximise the sales process. 
Helped in new customer acquisitions by conducting holistic market research and implementing effective marketing & sales strategies. 
Acquired Product Management skills through Business Analysis activities. 
June 2013 September 2014 
AEL Data Services LLP, Chennai Business Development Executive 
Key Result Areas: 
Perform Leads generation, write emails, follow ups, cold-calls and effective use of CRM (Zoho) Forecasting & planning sales and marketing activities along with the team Prepare business plans, write up proposals, design and present PowerPoint presentations, schedule client/prospect meetings, and write blogs Prepare marketing reports by collecting, analysing, and summarizing data. 
Participate in Fairs and Events to acquire new clients 
Highlights: 
Played a significant role in acquiring the 1st ever business in the USA 
Performed end-end sales activities and also Social Media Marketing (Facebook, Twitter & LinkedIn) 
June 2012 June 2013 
Icosy Techno Solutions, Namakkal Business Development Executive 
Key Result Areas: 
Bid on Projects in Freelance websites, Perform email sales Meet prospects and explain project scope and deliverables Write Business proposals and maintain cordial relationships with the clients. 
PROJECTS 
Marketing Mumtaz Baby Food globally - PGDM PROJECT 
A consultancy project on, How to make Mumtaz Baby Food, a global product. As an individual in the team, I've contributed as much as I could do the best as a consultant by taking care of Social Media Marketing. A strategy to create brand awareness and the project was chosen as one of the best project in my University. 
Knowledge Based Information through Distributed Data Management System - B.E. PROJECT 
The project is based on ASP.NET Application, having MS-ACCESS and PHP-MYSQL database for storing and retrieving of information to the students, staffs and all other faculties in a College by providing them the necessary information, news and other activities of the institution, Commencement of meetings etc., through website as well as to their respective Mails. 
PROFESSIONAL QUALIFICATION 
2012 PGDM. Supply Chains and Logistics Management 
Leeds Beckett University, Leeds, United Kingdom. 
http://www.leedsbeckett.ac.uk 
2010 B.E. Computer Science & Engineering 
Annai Mathammal Sheela Enginnering College, Namakkal. 
http://www.amsheela.org.in 
IT SKILLS 
Applications : Microsoft Office, Adobe Photoshop, Skype, GoToMeeting etc. 
CRM tools : Salesforce.com CRM & Zoho CRM 
Operating Systems : Windows X, Ubuntu, and Mac 
Technical Skills : Awareness in C & C++, HTML, Web Designing 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Date of Birth : 15th July 1989 
Languages Known : Tamil and English 
Address : 184F Annai Sathya Nagar, AB Nagar West, Gandhi Nagar (PO), Tirupur 641603. 
Blood Group : B+ 
Father : A Vijayakumar 
Mother : T Rani 
Signature 
