 Yogini Jhingan 
yoginijhingan@gmail.com 
New 
Delhi, India +91 9811161881 
Full Time Experience: 
Panworld Digital , Senior Content Writer, March 2017 - Present 
Created, curated, and edited 
long-form blogs for various clients. 
Created and search-engine optimised website content for clients. 
Created over 100 Amazon product descriptions for a client. 
Precily , Head of Content & Digital Marketing, December 2016 - March 2017 
Lead a team of content writers that summarise non fiction books for the Precily app. 
Created and managed social media handles. 
Created and search-engine optimised website content for the Precily website. 
InstaLively , Content Writer, July 2015 
September 2016 Wrote and optimized travel, lifestyle and tech blog posts for the InstaLively Blog. 
Created content for Social Media handles; ran campaigns and competitions. 
Conducted on ground market research for an upcoming mobile application . 
Recruited and managed a community of over 300 school and college students for product management and marketing . 
Freelance Experience: 
Forever Fit , Freelance Content Writer, June 2017 - present Created search engine optimised content on health and fitness for the Forever Fit blog. 
Researched upcoming fitness trends to ideate on future content. 
1M1B 
Foundation , Freelance Content Writer, December 2016 Created content for the 1M1B ChangeShips Programme 
Created content for 
the 1M1B Blog 
YuMiGo , Freelance Content Writer, August 2016 - December 2016 Wrote and search-engine optimised travel blogs for 
the YuMiGo blog. 
Created content for Social Media handles including Instagram, Pinterest, Twitter, Facebook amongst others to fulfil marketing campaigns targets. 
Pagal Haina , Freelance Social Media Executive, August 2016 - September 2016 Created and schedule 
Social Media posts for #PrateekKuhadInConcert to boost ticket sales. 
Crafted a fan art competition for the same. 
Internships, Part-time, and Volunteer Experience: 
Fourth Estate, Intern, May June 2015 Created and executed marketing campaign for Indian School of Public Relations. 
Assisted in Business Development. 
Foundation 
We , Intern, June December 2014 Approached 12 Embassies to look for cultural collaborations for the World Safari Project after researching the cultural and legal prospects for buskers . 
Created a database with over 40 relevant airlines, magazines and TV channels as possible partnerships for the project . 
Red Bull , Senior Wings Team Member, December 2012 
February 2014 Developed and implemented meaningful sampling missions to increase the visibility and drive trial of the product. 
Executed multiple social media campaigns. 
Example: #GivesYouWings 
Conducted sales drives to Jaipur, Agra and several cities in Punjab to improve the understanding of the product among vendors. 
Led groups of upto 25 people to achieve targets in a timely manner. 
Together For A Cause , Executive Committee Member, November 2012 January 2014 Headed the Marketing team, effectively managed their social media and executed the #DreamYourBelief campaign and a flash mob Organized and provided logistics support to the play Sound of Magic (2013) Researched for the initial stages of the project Nadaan Parindey resulting in a database of 350 Delhi schools across three categories Delhi University Innovation Project , Researcher, May 2012 
April 2013 
Prepared a report on 
A Study of Stress Levels and Stress Sources among Undergraduate Students of University of Delhi based on a survey conducted among 1000 students Created and conducted surveys, conducted a cross-study with students from Pondicherry, presented 3 seminars, and created and published a booklet to reduce stress among students based on the findings. 
Stamps of India , Part-time 
Employee 
Helped in creating content for their website and occasionally wrote for their weekly newsletter Provided logistics support in organizing the annual Stamps of India National Exhibition since 2010 to 2014 
Education: 
Currently pursuing the Digital Marketing Master s Programme from Simplilearn 
B.A. (Hons) Political Science from Delhi College of Arts and Commerce, University of Delhi (2014) Graduated class XII from 
St. Thomas School, New Delhi (2011) Interests: 
Travelling, reading, blogging , creating playlists, stamp collecting, and iPhone photography . 
