SASIKUMAR M 
Email: sasiariya32@gmail.com Mobile number: +919092428873. 
Career Objective: 
To be an outstanding employee through my creativity and responsibility in an organization that gives me pleasure to grow along with it in all aspects. 
Education: 
B.E. Instrumentation and Control Engineering from Tamilnadu College of Engineering, Coimbatore with 6.7 CGPA in 2016 HSC from John Britto Hr. Sec. School, Anniyalam with 80% in 2012 SSLC from St.Josephs 
High School, Denkanikottai with 82% in 2010 
Technical Qualification: Successfully completed PGDIA (Post Graduate Diploma in Industrial Automation) in PROLIFIC automation training company. 
Academic Performances: Presented paper on the topic AUTOMATION OF SUGAR CANE CRUSHING IN SUGAR MILL and secured 2nd place. Attended many Workshops and Guest Lectures. 
Extra-Curricular Activities: 
Won and participated in games like Cricket and Hand ball. 
Winner of many events like Short Film making and Miming. 
Area of interest: Industrial Instrumentation 
Power Plant Instrumentation 
Personal Traits: 
Responsible and quick learner. 
Positive attitude and compatible to work in any situations. 
Good communication skills. 
Sincere and confident. 
Computer Proficiency: Office Applications 
: Microsoft Office basics Technical softwares : LABVIEW, PLC, SCADA. 
Project details: 
Done my mini project on the topic Automatic light Dim and Bright. 
Done my main project on the topic Automation of Sugar Cane Crushing in Sugar Mill. 
In our project we improved the efficiency of the crushing machine using VFD 
Whole system is controlled by PLC and monitored by SCADA 
Personal Profile: 
Fathers name : Marappa S 
Occupation : Farmer 
Mothers name : Rathna M 
Age : 21 Date of Birth : 05-06-1995 
Marital status : Single 
Language know : English, Tamil, Telugu and Kanadam 
Hobbies : Reading motivational and historical books, writing poetries (Tamil), listening to Music, Playing Cricket, etc. 
Residential address 
: No-44/4, Mulakattamma temple, Chowdappa Layout, Yemalur, Bangalore- 560037 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge. 
Place: Bangalore Yours sincerely, 
Date: 
(SASIKUMAR M) 
