Naomi Alba 1612 Moore Rd 
Stafford, Texas 77477 
Cell: 832-938-1062 bettyboo4life@gmail.com 
OBJECTIVE 
To work in the position of Administrative Assistant in a growing company where exceptional ability to multi-task, solve problems, work effectively in a team, and meet deadlines are required in providing outstanding administrative support to supervisors and managers. 
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY 
Store Administrative Assistant: Kohl s Department Store Missouri City, Texas 
November 2014 - Present 
Responsibilities: 
Reads and distributes stores communication including storenet, email, mail totes; monitors store workload calendar she responsibilities. 
Enters and maintains all applicable data in the store scheduling system; reviews and edits store schedules in accordance with management directives. 
Processes store payroll, including monitoring of overtime, making all timecard edits, and entering information into projection screen. 
Organizes new hire paperwork; completes and submits employment status, job, and personal information changes in Corporate. Assembles and maintains files for all associate's touchbase and Kohl's super star award; maintains store roster board. 
Regularly updated and maintains associate attendance records, vacations request, personal days and overtime. 
Orders supplies following store budget guidelines; works with store management to monitor store expenses. 
Organizes and distributes price changes, ISCs callbacks, RTVs daily. 
Checks all price changes for timely completion and accuracy. Verifies, processes, and files. 
Oversees direct store receiving paperwork and merchandise transfers; processes raincheck in accordance with company procedures; cheeks all paperwork for accuracy. 
Processes store payroll in ASSESTS functions, including monitoring overtime and making all detail edits. 
Enters and maintains all applicable data in the store scheduling system. 
Reviews ASSESTS generated schedules; compares scheduled hours to labor hours, identifies gaps, and communicates to the store management team to rectify. 
Oversees K- Planner calendar ave responsibilities. 
Resolving equipment issues; participants in store meetings; answer phone calls Interviews, orientation Performs other duties as assigned. 
Sales Associate: Walmart 
Stafford, Texas 2011 - 2013 
Responsibilities: 
Provide Customer Service 
Advise clients or customers Answer customer or public inquiries 
Arrange merchandise display Clean rooms or work areas 
Greet customers 
Inspect merchandise Assisting Customers in finding merchandise Answering Customer calls promptly Answering register calls promptly Showing a high sense of urgency with all assignments. 
Following proper procedures for handling claims merchandise Providing assistance to the front end associates with price checks Remains knowledgeable regarding all areas of the store 
Maintains a properly merchandised department through: Zoning the department. Ensuring the merchandise is properly signed and priced. 
Maintaining features. Following proper procedures for: -- Ordering. -- 
Clearance. -- Markups/markdowns. 
Maintaining modular labels Replenishing back stock from warehouse bins 
Being knowledgeable about items in the departments Practices safe work habits by: Cleaning all spills quickly. Following all safety and emergency policies. and procedures. Keeping the floor clear of all objects. Properly using all ladders and ensuring they are not left on the sales floor. 
Following proper lifting techniques. 
Ensuring all displays are secured in a safe and proper manner. Ensuring Occupational Health and Safety Act guidelines are being followed properly. 
Ensuring stable stacking of. 
merchandise. Using back support belt when necessary. Being knowledgeable about emergency and safety procedures. 
Maintains merchandise presentation by stocking merchandise, setting up, cleaning, and organizing product. 
displays, removing damaged goods Additional Responsibilities may be assigned Customer Service Representative: The Planet Houston, Texas 2001- 2007 
Responsibilities: 
Quickly and effectively solve customer challenges through incoming calls, live chats, trouble tickets, and emails Advised customers with account status and verified orders Persistent, patient, and sensitive to customer s needs and apprehensions. 
Resolve billing issues, modifications, price adjustments and retention on customer accounts, update customer account information. 
Maintain quality control and constantly seeking new ways to improve the customer s experience as well as making it enjoyable. 
Additional Responsibilities may be assigned 
EDUCATION 
Elite Beauty Academy Houston, Texas 
2013- 2014 Parkview Baptist School Houston, Texas 1994-1998 STRENGTHS 
Clear verbal and written communication skills Ability to work independently Productive 
Attention to detail 
