MARVIN M. BEJASA 
Dubai, United Arab Emirates 0556229783 or 0509207044 
E-add: marvinbejasa91@yahoo.com 
I am on visit visa and available to start work immediately. 
CAREER OBJECTIVE: 
To work in pragmatic way in an organization where I can show my talent and enhance my skills to meet company goals and objective with full integrity and zest. 
EMPLOYMENT HISTORY 
Company : FTV Proclad LLC Dubai 
Date Employed : July 31, 2016 June 19, 2017 
Position : Pipe Fitter/Machinist/Crane Operator 
Project Location : Dubai, UAE 
Duties and Responsibilities 
Set up, adjust, and operate all of the basic machine tools and many specialized or advanced variation tools in order to perform precision machining operations. 
Align and secure holding fixtures, cutting tools, attachments, accessories, and materials onto machines. 
Monitor the feed and speed of machines during the machining process. 
Bends elbows, using bending machine. 
Select the appropriate tools, machines, and materials to be used in preparation of machinery work. 
Lay out, measure, and mark metal stock in order to display placement of cuts. 
Check workpieces and Maintain industrial machines, applying knowledge of mechanics, shop mathematics, metal properties, layout, and machining procedures. 
Operate crane under general supervision. 
Company : LMN Catering Services 
Date Employed : December 2015 July 2016 Position 
: Catering Server 
Location : San Pascual, Batangas 
Duties and Responsibilities 
Ensure exemplary guest service through all forms of banquet service, carving stations, running food during events, buffets, plated, replenishing product and supplies in compliance with event standards. 
Ensure that events are properly equipped and executed by transporting, pulling, setting up and breaking down, as well as returning equipment to designated storages in compliance with event standards and instructions. 
Perform side work by helping to provide a safe and clean work environment. 
Clean, organize and restock equipment/product returning from catering events. 
Understand safety responsibilities as well as environmental laws by following established procedures, policies, training and involvement activities. 
Perform other duties that could be assigned. 
Company : Mohammad Al-Mojil Group MMG 
Date Employed : May 18, 2014 - December 12, 2015 Position : Pipe Fitter 
Project Location : Kingdom of Saudi Arabia 
Duties and Responsibilities 
Measure and mark pipes for cutting and threading. 
Bends pipe, using pipe bending tools and pipe bending machine. 
Cut, thread, and hammer pipe to specifications, using tools such as saws, cutting torches, and pipe threaders and benders. 
May weld pipe supports to structural steel members. 
Follow established job-site safety and regulations and maintain a safe and clean work area. Identify safety hazards you or other employees may be subject to and take all necessary corrective action to eliminate or minimize hazards. 
Company : Puyat Steel 
Date Employed : June 25, 2012 - December 12, 2013 
Position : Peak Loader 
Project Location : Rosario Batangas 
Duties and Responsibilities 
Assist customers in carrying and loading their purchases. 
Maintain outside appearance of store by returning carts to proper location and cleaning/organizing as necessary. 
Greet and acknowledge all customers in a friendly, professional manner and provide quick, responsive customer service. 
Read work orders or receive oral instructions to determine work assignments or material or equipment needs. 
Company : SM Madison Shopping Plaza,Inc., Batangas 
Date Employed : September 22, 2011- February 19, 2012 
Position : Stock Clerk 
Project Location : Batangas City 
Duties and Responsibilities 
Compare merchandise invoices to items actually received to ensure that shipments are correct. 
Design and set up advertising signs and displays of merchandise on shelves, counters, or tables to attract customers and promote sales. 
Receive, open, unpack and issue sales floor merchandise. 
Stock shelves, racks, cases, bins, and tables with new or transferred merchandise. 
Take inventory or examine merchandise to identify items to be reordered or replenished. 
Answer customers' questions about merchandise and advice customers on merchandise selection. 
Clean display cases, shelves, and aisles. 
Itemize and total customer merchandise selection at checkout counter, using cash register, and accept cash or charge card for purchases. 
Pack customer purchases in bags or cartons. 
Company : Inovasia Marketing 
Date Employed : February 2010 August 2011 
Position : Sales staff Project Location : Batangas City 
Duties and Responsibilities 
Greeting customers who enter the shop. 
Assisting shoppers to find the goods and products they are looking for. 
Stocking shelves with merchandise. 
Answering queries from customers. 
Giving advice and guidance on product selection to customers. 
Keeping the store tidy and clean. 
Working within established guidelines, particularly with brands. 
TRAINING 
Rigging and Slinging Safety Training 
Gulf Test Safety Consultancies 
Dubai, UAE 
August 02, 2016 Cert. /Card No. : GTS-CER-RS-19559-17 
Induction Bend Machine Operator 
Programming, Operation and Safety 
FTV Proclad Dubai 
Dubai, UAE 
August 01, 2016-September 12, 2016 
120 Hours Bartending NC-II 
Batch 1-2012 Dep-ED Als 
500 Hours on Job Training 
Estepan Philippines Quaternaries, Inc. 
Aplaya, Bauan, Batangas 
Plant Tour 
Batangas Caol-Fired Thermal Plant, National Power Corp. 
San Rafael, Calaca Batangas 
Industrial Work Ethics On-the- Job Training and Industrial Practices 
American Wire and Cable Co., Inc. 8508 km. 16 South Super Hi- Ways, Paranaque City 
PERSONAL DATA 
Nickname : Vino 
Age : 26 years old 
Sex : Male 
Height : 5 8 Date of Birth : May 30, 1991 Place of Birth : Resplandor, San Pascual, Batangas 
Civil Status : Single 
Religion : Roman Catholic 
Nationality : Filipino 
Language : English and Filipino 
EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND 
Tertiary : Batangas State University Address : Golden Country Homes, Alangilan, Batangas City 
Course : Instrumentation and Control Engineering Technology 
(Undergraduate) 
Academic Year : 2008-2010 
Secondary : Malakimpook National High School 
Address : 
Malakimpook,San Pascual,Batangas 
Academic Year : 2006-2007 
Elementary : Malakimpook Elementary School 
Address : 
Malakimpook,San Pascual,Batangas 
Academic Year : 
2002-2003 
I do hereby certify that the above information is true and correct to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
_Marvin M. Bejasa_ 
Applicant s Signature 
