Brionna Carter 
Corpus Christi, TX mz.bri299@gmail.com - 512-446-9427 Authorized to work in the US for any employer 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
Customer Service Call Center Agent 
Harte-Hanks, Inc - Austin, TX - June 2017 to August 2017 
I work for Harte Hanks in Austin for my summer job. Im employed by Fed Ex and i take calles and help customers over the phone with all the things they need pertaining to FED EX. 
CSR 
Amazon Prime Pantry - Austin, TX - June 2017 to July 2017 
I worked with Amazon Prime grocery shopping for customers temporary. 
Food Prep- Deli 
HEB - 
Corpus Christi, TX - October 2016 to April 2017 
I Worked the Hot side and Cold side which consist of preparing and serving the famous Hot Birds and their side dishes, ringing them up on the Cashier, making Rotisserie chicken. And I also slice the cheeses and hams and turkeys. Also cleaned equipment and used sanitized procedures. 
Bus Monitor 
Durham School Services - Pflugerville, TX - August 2016 to January 2017 
I Worked with Durham School Services helping monitor Special Needs kids on the bus, to make sure they were fine until they reached home or school. They had diverse types of special needs and I was taught how to handle them. 
Customer Service Rep/Cashier 
Payless ShoeSource - Austin, TX - December 2015 to June 2016 Provide prompt, friendly customer service. Process customer returns according to Payless shoe Source polices. Operate cash register and maintain knowledge of cashier procedures. Balance all transactions run through assigned register, including register receipts, currency, cash, checks, and credit cards. Set and maintain weekly ad signage. Zone merchandise. Perform price/SKU look-ups. Answer telephone. 
Resturant Team Member 
Whataburger - 
Austin, TX - August 2015 to December 2015 Effectively communicate with management in a timely manner regarding scheduling issues. Follow all safety procedures and guidelines including personal safety, equipment use, and food handling and storage. Ensure 
all products are prepared according to Whataburger quality standards. Properly stock inventory using First- 
In/First-Out (FIFO). 
Demonstrate fiscal responsibility with all Company assets and following company cash handling policies. Take orders and fry and produce the items on the menu. 
CSR, Cook 
Domino's - Austin, TX - January 2015 to July 2015 
Operate all equipment, stock ingredients from delivery area to storage, work area, walk-in cooler Prepare product, receive and process telephone orders, take inventory and complete associated paperwork, clean equipment and facility daily Ability to comprehend and give correct written instructions. Ability to communicate verbally with customers and co-workers to process orders both over the phone and in person.) Must be able to make correct monetary change. Verbal, writing, and telephone skills to take and process orders. Ability to enter orders using a computer keyboard or touch screen. EDUCATION 
Bachelor's in Nursing 
Texas A & M University-Corpus Christi - 
Corpus Christi, TX 
January 2017 to January 2020 High school or equivalent Connally high school - 
Austin, TX 
August 2013 to May 2016 SKILLS 
Data Entry 
Cashiering Customer service (3 years) Slicing, Weighing and Wrapping Ability to reach, bend, stoop, lift, shake, stir, pour, carry and push. 
Ability to read (Orders on tickets, Menu Board, receipts, etc.) 
Frequent contact/immersion of hands in water, cleaning and sanitation solutions, meat products, poultry products, seafood and produce items (1 year). (3 years) CERTIFICATIONS/LICENSES CPR 
February 2016 to February 2018 American Heart Association 
