 EDUCATION 
Post-Graduation Diploma In Computer Application 2013 
IGNOU Panvel, Maharashtra, India 
Bachelor In Computer Application 2011 
Tilak Maharashtra Vidyapeeth University Pune, Maharashtra, India 
PASSPORT DETAILS 
Passport No. : N 1709749 Date Of Issue : 28/08/2015 Date of Expiry : 27/08/2025 Place of Issue : Thane 
Status : ECNR PROFILE SUMMARY 
Currently working as Senior Executive Manning Operations; professional with experience in recruiting, staffing, retention,Ticketing, retrenching people possesses 3 years of experience as HR manager. 
Efficient in interviewing and assessing the people. 
Expert in recruiting the people, according to the company policy & Requirement. Proficient in giving valuable decision and taking the feedback from the employees. 
Expert in taking the order from the seniors and giving the valuable suggestions. 
Sound Knowledge of shipping industries (crew manning /Vessel management/Crew change Operations/Documentation) 
Arranging office visit for senior Officer. 
Maintaining seafarer s birthday list and their relieve planner. 
Making all arrangement for crew embark/disembarkation as per there appraisal report. 
Having knowledge admin activities like records of Stationery, Couriers (inward & outward), printing, scanning and other correspondence work etc. 
Shaikh Nazneen 
Mumbai, India 
E-mail: shaikhnazneen46@gmail.com 
Mobile: +919870751760 / +91 8779826228 HUMAN RESOURCE PROFESSIONAL 
5 years of extensive experience in spearheading HR generalist functions, defining and implementing HR strategies, organization development and training & development 
EXPERIENCE 
Senior Executive(HR) Manning Jan 2017 to till now Allcargo Shipping Company Pvt. Ltd., Mumbai 
Allcargo Shipping Company: Is an ownership company & 
ISO certified 9001-2008 by IRQS and with MLC 2006 compliance.. Having Recruitment & Placement License No.- RPSL-MUM-355. 
Key result area Reviewing the planning list for vessel suitability. 
Follow-up Crew/ Officer Documentation Procedure 
Applying Visa for new Joiner on Vessel. 
Making Contract and Agreement Letter. 
Updating on sign/off Sign Details on DG Shipping. 
Handling Operational Work, Making Purchase Order & Invoice voucher in Infor software. 
Coordination of briefing and debriefing of seafarers by communicating with sea staff and shore based. 
Vessel joining procedure. 
Preparing Schedules for office visits. 
Follow up of new sea staff performance feedback within stipulated period of joining. 
Follow up of performance feedback of sea staff received from the vessel. 
Updating vendor expense sheet, onboard list, etc. 
Handling Banking Activities. 
Maintaining Personal, Medical, and training records and certificates details of all personnel. Keeping all personnel files up-to-date. Maintaining a computerized database. 
Follow up ex-hands for their availability, Visa, Medical, PPE (Personal Protective equipment) & updation of documents. 
Liaising with training center for various Course as required by Officers as per requirements. 
Answering to vessel and candidates queries. 
Preparing Travelling Schedule for the vessel Joining, Booking Flight, Train and Bus 
ticket. 
Uploading Form III, Nil Report Declaration, Online Sign On & Off Article. 
Updating Copies of Ship Particulars/Registry/MSMD/Financial Security/MLC/P&I/Sri 
Lanka Crew Agreement/ Management Level officer Changing over report/. Updating List of Approved Medical Doctors. 
Document preparation for renewal of Vessel registry and safe manning certificate (SL 
Flag) and Follow up with Srilanka Office. 
Assisting to DGM & Preparing document related to DOC Audit and Annual RPSL Audit. 
Crew Manager March 2014 to July 2016 Marine Solutionz Ship Management Pvt Ltd. Mumbai, India 
Marine Solutionz Ship Management: Is ISO certified 9001-2008 by IRQS and with MLC 2006 compliance. Having Recruitment & Placement License No.- RPSL MUM151. 
Key result area 
Making all arrangement for crew members smooth joining / sign off. 
To verify certificate check-list, pre-joining check-lists and to ensure, all documents are handed over to the candidate prior joining. 
To maintain a record of all licenses & certificates of approved candidates & to liaise with the license department for their flag state documents. 
Supervising Flag Stat Documentation (Indian, Hongkong, Panama, Belize, Liberia, Singapore and Malta). 
Country visa where the crew changes is taking place / Local Agency & Transportation. 
Offshore Operation: Liaised with SCI for their Crew Requirement as well as joining formality, DG, MMD AOA Submission, Change of Command. 
Recruitment sourcing and data compilation. 
To ensure that long term planning is conducted in cost effective manner. 
Ensuring validity of sea staff documents / certificates. 
On selection of candidate, arrange for their pre-joining medicals. Company doctors to be alerted whenever in doubt of candidate s medical fitness and advised to go for a thorough check-up. 
Liaise with Visa & Travel department for any visa requirement for smooth joining of selected candidate. 
Maintaining database of various available manpower resources for future consideration. 
Handling vessel Audit. 
Taking care of Hotel & Travel booking for office staff as well as for seafarers. 
Admin Executive 20 Jan 2012 to 20 Feb 2013 
Shobiz Experiential Communication Pvt. Ltd Mumbai, India 
Shobiz Experiential Communication Pvt. Ltd Is an Event management company, started in 1974. 
Key result area Answer telephone calls, as needed. 
Provide clerical assistance, as directed. 
File and manage files with the utmost confidentiality. 
Schedule meeting rooms. 
Photocopy documents. 
Prepare and distribute documents for meetings. 
Additional duties as assigned. 
Individual details 
Husband s Name : Mohammed Zahid Khan 
Father s Name : Abdul Kadar Shaikh 
Mother s Name : Khurshid Shaikh 
Place of Birth : Mumbai, India 
Date of Birth : 24th January, 1990 
Sex : Female 
Status : Married 
Hobbies : Travelling, Music & Browsing Internet 
DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that the above written particulars are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Date : 
Place : (Shaikh Nazneen) 
