 Shashank Jha House No. 33-E Near Gurudwara Munirka, Contact: +91 8750873781 New Delhi, 110067 
Email: Shashank.kjha94@gmail.com Objective 
To work in an environment and to obtain a position of responsibilities that utilizes my skills and experience and keen to work in an environment where I can enrich my knowledge organization that I work for. I will continue to seek out knowledge of the field compliment my education. 
Career History SitCom 
Solutations Duration: Oct2016-Apr2017 
Role: Process Associate Responsibilities Made weekly progress report (Which is send to client at the end of week), Chat with client to solve issue, & Forward and Replied Client Mail. Updated new information in spreadsheet which came during working progress. Developed work assignments in complete manner for all clients. I was responsible for Validation of retrieved documents to ensure accuracy of information. Helped the Managers regarding the work distribution. 
Educational Qualification 
S.No. 
Institution Board / University 
Standard/ course 
Percentage 1 
Shri Ram 
College of Engineering & Management, Palwal, Hariyana Maharshi Dayanand University, Rohtak B.Tech 
(Computer Science &Engineering) 63.0% 2 
Govt 
Co-Edu 
SR. SEC. 
School Central Board of Secondary Education 12th 53.0% 3 Jesus &Mary Academy 
Central Board of Secondary Education 
10th 75.2% 
Projects Done 
Hospital Management software app as an In-house Project in June-July 2016 in .Net Using SQL and Java. 
Library Management 
Online Library Management System to keep track of all the records of book issued and to provide authority at different level. 
Accolades 
MS-OFFICE 13 (Word, Excel, PowerPoint, Outlook, OneNote) Knowledge of computer languages like C, C++, .Net & Java. 
Former Cricket Player in college team. 
Professional Strengths Good and Effective Communication Skills 
Creative and Logical 
Flexible to learn new technologies. 
Problem Solving Abilities 
Co-operative and keen observer Personal Profile Date of Birth : 
August 2nd ,1994 Father s Name 
: Mr. Satyendra Jha Mother s Name 
: Mrs. Sudha Devi 
Languages 
: English, Hindi I hereby declare that all the above particulars are true and correct to the best of my knowledge. 
Date: 8th Aug. 2017 
Place: New Delhi 
Shashank Jha 
