 CHOUTHRI.M 
1/111A, Pillayar Kovil 2nd Street, Behind Pacifica Tech park, Navalur,Chennai-600 130. 
Mobile: +91 95005 70677 ; E-mail: 
chouthri91@gmail.com 
Career Objective 
To obtain a challenging and rewarding position in Linux Administrator with an organization that recognizes my true potential and provides me sufficient avenues for professional growth through nurturing my technical skills and competencies. 
Employment History 
Currently working as a Technical Engineer with Three Years of versatile experience in IT infrastructure Management, System Administration and Fault Management. 
Presently working at Nokia Networks as a Network Operations Associate 
/Technical Support Engineer Previously worked at Orange Sorting Machines as a Technical Support 
Engineer. 
Technical skills 
Having knowledge in Networking Apache web-server configuration 
Having knowledge in creation and deletion of Linux users 
Having knowledge to assigning permissions for file To configuring SAMBA and NFS servers. 
Having knowledge to create logical volumes(LVM) and resize the same Having knowledge in Maria DB and ISCSI configuration. 
Having the Knowledge in Postfix configuration Having knowledge in troubleshooting for Bootable errors Having Knowledge in troubleshooting of file mounting related issue 
Having knowledge in IPV4 & IPV6 configuration. 
Area of Exposure: 
Operating Systems: Linux -RHEL7, Windows7/8. 
Certifications 
RHCE -RHEL7 
Certification Number: 160-085-973 
Certified Date: May 31st 2016 Professional Experience: 
Nokia Networks, Chennai (November-2014 to December-2015 & May-2017 to till date) 
Position: Network Operations Associate Having a strong knowledge in 2G&3G Network To create and delete users account Enabling and Disabling the BSC (Base Station Controller) In EMS. 
To checking BSC alarms and site logging and unlocking by using commands in Linux client system. 
To provide authentication for various user application tools like Push Pull, Netact, EMS (Element Management System) 
To create a Ticket to responsible teams for tools issues by using BMC remedy & GDC tool & AWE & RAS-Netact. 
Co ordinating with circle team & Incident managers for team functioning related issues. 
Co-ordinating with OSS team for the issue related with Netact Co-ordinating with tools team for the issue related with BMC Remedy 
Co-ordinating with IT team for the LAN related issues 
Perform PC activation and Termination and software upgradation through portal. 
Troubleshooting the boot process problems To maintaining L1 issue tracker Orange Sorting Machines India Pvt. Ltd., (June-2009 to July-2011) Position: Technical Support Engineer-Trainee Operating Systems Installation and Termination. 
Repairing the PCB (Printed Circuit Board) 
Debugging the IC s malfunctioning and replace the IC s in PCB board. 
To analyze the sensors operation by using oscilloscope Co-ordinating with tools& technical teams for issue related with sensors 
Co-ordinating managers for issue related with customer requirements and engineers functioning. 
To maintaining L1 issue tracker Achievements 
I got appreciation mail from Operation Manager for my work at LAN connectivity issue occurred time. 
Academia 
Bachelor of Engineering in Electronics & Instrumentation Engineering - April 2014 - with 8.39 CGPA at Muthayammal Engineering College, Rasipuram Diploma in Electronics & Communication Engineering - April 2009 - with 81.7% at Sakthi Institute of Technology, Erode. 
SSLC - April 2006 - with 87.2% at Govt. High School, Pandiampalayam, Erode. 
Strengths 
Excellent communication skills and work ethics. 
Ability to provide technical support in a global environment. 
Exceptional project management skills. 
Quick learner, goal oriented and self-motivated. 
Personal Information: 
Permanent address :307 k, G.H. street, Kavindapadi, Erode(Dt)-638 455. Tamilnadu 
