Punit Mishra 
S-35/24, DLF Phase 3, Gurgaon, Haryana | +91-9599729684 | punitmishra.11492@gmail.com 
Objective 
Obtain a challenging leadership position applying creative problem solving and lean management skills with a growing company to achieve optimum utilization of its resources and maximum profits. 
Education 
BACHELOR OF ENGINEERING | DECEMBER 2014 | SAGAR INSTITUTE OF SCIENCE & TECHNOLOGY, BHOPAL 
Major: Mechanical Engineering 
Graduated with 7.23 CGPA 
A.I.S.S.C.E | MAY 2010 | ST. MARY S CONVENT Sr. SECONDARY SCHOOL, BHOPAL (CBSE AFFILIATED) Passed with 63.4% A.I.S.S.E | MAY 2008 | CHRIST JYOTI Sr. SECONDARY SCHOOL, SINGRAULI (CBSE AFFILIATED) 
Passed with 69.6% Skills 
MANAGEMENT 
Effectively manage the bidding process and track new and ongoing RFQ's and new opportunities. 
Data management is important part of my job role as I need to track project assigned to me as well to my team mates. 
Willing to manage a full workload and possess the ability to manage priorities that change moment by moment 
Worked and successfully managed various project and events during college and school. 
COMMUNICATION 
Engaged in continuous email exchange with multiple clients in order to understand and meet their requirement. 
Cross-functional team communication in order to present the clear picture about the targeting and delivery. 
Ability to articulate well and understand what it takes to communicate with and 
bond with clients and vendors alike. 
I gained an extensive experience in presentation as a presenter in various presentation competition held in college. 
LEADERSHIP 
To lead and suggest team members on the process and deliverance of accurate result. 
Involved in leadership roles at both high school and in college using effective communication ability to engage peers and audience. 
Worked as Training and Placement Representative in college helping the visiting HR(s) of various industries. 
Held the responsibility as Cultural Captain for the session 2006-2007 at Christ Jyoti Senior Secondary School, Singrauli. 
Page 2 Experience 
BID ASSOCIATE AT MARKET CUBE LLC | MAY 16 TO CURRENT DATE 
Effectively manage the bidding process, quoting the right feasibility to client on right price so that client is satisfied with the solution and profit is earned. 
Project management and Negotiation is crucial part of the bidding process. 
Revise the bids that reverted back with new specifications and targeting. 
Ensure the correct data collection and processing. 
Manage the data reporting data reporting needs of each partnership, ensuring that the overall objectives are met. 
Work in conjunction with our project and vendor management team to monitor projects infield, and ensure that client s needs are met in a timely and effective manner. 
Abilities & Strengths 
Ability to work in a team as well as working individually. 
Ability to meet specified deadlines. 
The ability to be flexible and to adapt to different situations and environments. 
Ability to meet important targets in a high-pressure environment. 
Adaptability and flexibility. 
Ability to take initiative. 
Hobbies 
Playing badminton, reading books, writing poems, listening songs. 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above cited information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief, if given a chance, I can prove myself. 
Punit Mishra Place: Gurgaon 
