Mahesh R. Rajadhyaksha 
E-Mail: mahesh.raja@yahoo.co.in; Contact: 09892986008/ 022 - 25640927 
Address: 204 Lalit Kunj, Dadasaheb Gaikwad Road, Mulund West, Mumbai - 400080 
Seeking senior level assignments in Production Planning & Control and Purchase with an organisation of high repute, preferably in Bulk Chemicals / Pharma / Agrochemical Industry 
Preferred Location: Mumbai / Navi Mumbai/Ambernath /Kalyan/ Taloja 
Professional Preface 
A seasoned professional offering 25 years of rich & comprehensive professional experience in Production Planning & Control and Purchase. 
Currently associated with Himat Nagar, Gujarat as Manager (Production in Formulation Unit). 
Proven abilities in enhancing manufacturing / production process operations, capacity utilisation and escalating productivity & operational efficiencies; while curtailing costs & expenses across organisations. 
Resourceful at strategizing techniques for maximum utilisation of manpower / machinery. 
Successfully completed MBA (Marketing); Diploma in Materials Management; Certificate Course in Programming; and B.Sc. (Chemistry). 
Exceptionally well organised with a track record that demonstrates self - motivation, creativity, and initiative to achieve both personal & corporate goals. Believe in leading from the front. 
Areas of Expertise 
Strategic Planning & Management Purchase Operations Production Operations 
Quality Assurance & Control Cost Reductions 
Process Enhancement 
Business Skills 
Monitoring & achieving production targets, business vision & goals, through effective planning, periodic reviews & appropriate don spot decisions on subjects hindering the progress. 
Identifying areas of obstruction / breakdowns and take steps to rectify the equipments through application of trouble shooting tools. Examining operations and making recommendations to improve efficiency. 
Achieving targeted goal of increase in production thru training of workers, regular review, performance appraisal scheme, disciplinary measures and motivational scheme. 
Conducting detail oriented analytical approach and well versed with micro level management. 
Selecting capital machineries for effective utilisation & of best quality through visits to suppliers, review of technical documents, through exhibition & visit to other manufacturing sites of competitors. 
Noteworthy Accomplishments 
Holds the distinction of achieving highest production targets of Oxydemeton Methyl and Methyl Parathion technical in our technical plant. 
Worked hard to achieve export production, as a part of the plant production team. 
Done a valuable contribution to export Phosphorous Sulphochloride to USA, being a team member. 
Was that member of the team, who has exported Fenthion Tech to Germany. 
Functioned as team member, and contributed in converting two plants to multipurpose plant. 
Successfully put warehouse system in place for raw material and packing material, while working with SACIPL, Toller Jammu. Skilfully managed inventory of raw material within the budgeted value. 
Employment Scan 
Since Apr10 to May14 with Himat Nagar, Gujarat as Manager (Production in Formulation Unit) (Bayer CropScience Ltd.) 
Accountabilities 
Overseeing allotment of workers as per production plan. 
Coordinating with quality for the product quality. 
Accountable for plant process safety. Environment safety Meeting production plan as per sale forecast to avoid sale loss. Lead a team of 12 company employees and around 60 contract employees. 
Handled the production of llke wettable dispersible granules, wettable powder, Suspension concentrate, and Emulsifable concentrate. 
As a member of team achieved a production target of Wettable granules 1200 ton. 
Wattable granules like, Admire WG, Fipronil WG, Suspension Concentrate llke Fipronil SC, Monceren SC, Antracol WP, Apr08-Mar10 Toll Manufacturing Unit, Saraswati Agrochemicals India Pvt. Ltd., Jammu as Site Logistics Manager. (Bayer CropSciene Ltd.) 
Accountabilities 
Scheduled the production activity along with availability raw material and packing material. 
Coordinated with sales and distribution department. 
Maintained inventory within the budgeted cost. Oversaw production of new product at the site. 
In order to maintain the cash flow inventrory always kept below 75 mn. 
Optimisation of the resources like water, nitrogen, electricity Started auditing of the process through productivity and safety, Conducted a training for safety, ISO 9000 and ISO !4001. 
Logistics of RM and PM was monitored. 
More than 10,000 tons of the total formulation production was monitored. 
Apr07-Mar08 with SACIPL Third Party Location, Powai as Planning Manager (Planning Department) 
(Bayer CropScience Limited.) 
Accountabilities 
Arranged active ingredients and adjuvants to the TP location. 
Tracked production as per monthly production plan. 
Conducted follow-up with import department to get technical in time. 
Responsible for purchase of the finished product from TPL. 
Responsible for the pricing of techicals for the formulation for the SACIPL and other toll unit. 
Responsible for the allocating imported adjuvants for the formulation. 
Monitoring the Finished goods despatched from SACIPL, Jammu. 
Apr04-Mar07 Manager 
Production (Agrochemical Basic Plant) 
(Bayer CropScience Limited.) 
Accountabilities 
Actively involved in the export production of PSCl3. 350 tons 
As a team leader fully responsible for the export production of Fenthion techical 100 tons 
A team of 4 shift managers and 35 employees was reporting. 
Actively involved in converting two plants into one multipurpose plant. (All technical manufactured in one plant) 
Optimised the resources like energy and manpower. 
Decontamination and dismantling the plants. 
Functioned as Management Representative for ISO 9000 and 14001. 
May86-Mar04 with Quality Control and Assurance / Production 
(Bayer India Limited, Thane) 
The Growth Path 
Apr01-Mar02 Senior Officer Production 
Jun98-Mar01 Officer (Agrochemical Basic Plant) 
Apr90-May98 Quality Control Chemist (Process Control Division) Accountabilities as Officer (Agrochemical Basic Plant) 
Done plants raw material planning, packing and man power planning. 
Ensured plant and process safety. 
Accountabilities as Quality Control Chemist (Process Control Division) 
Analysed all intermediates and as well as raw materials. 
Looked after product development reactions. 
Best suggestion prize for the replacement of adjuvants in the formulation. 
Accountabilities as Quality Control Chemist (Agrochemical Division) 
Examined entire raw material and finished product. 
Handled instruments like GLC, UV, IR and HPLC. 
Trainings Undergone 
Auditor Training on ISO 9000 and 14001. 
Process and plant safety training. 
Emergency handling training. 
Emergency squad. 
Effective supervision and team building program. 
Effective communication. 
Scholastics 
Certificate Course in Programming 
Mumbai University in 2000. 
MBA (Marketing) 
Indira Gandhi National Open University, New Delhi.in 1999. 
Diploma in Materials Management 
Institute of Professional Management Studies, Mulund in 1991. 
B.Sc. (Chemistry) University of Mumbai in1985. 
Personal Dossier 
Date of Birth : 8th September, 1964 
Linguistic Abilities : English, Hindi, Marathi, Guajarati and Konkani 
Hobbies : Watching movies, reading books, listening music, travelling and meeting people 
