Karthik Sekar 
Address Mobile: 9940038617 Lalithalaya Flats, Email: karthiksekark@gmail.com 
No: 5, Panchali Amman Koil Street, 
Passport No: H 1140209 Arumbakkam, Chennai 600 106 Professional Synopsis 
Have 4+ years of experience in web development and mobile application development. 
Total Experience 4 years 5 Months 
Experience Summary 
Organization Designation From To 
First Planet Technologies Software Engineer 20 Apr 2009 Till Date 
CSS Slash Support Technical Support Executive 10 Jan 2007 20 Jun 2008 
Skill Summary 
Skill Type Skill Proficiency 
Level 
Technical Language Android Moderate 
Software Development Kit Android SDK Moderate 
Scripting Language HTML5, CSS3, JS, PHP, Twitter Bootstrap Moderate 
Content Management Wordpress, Elgg, Buddypress, Question 2 Answer 
Advanced 
Tools Eclipse, SVN, Android Development Tool 
Kit, Android Studio, Maven, ANT Build 
Moderate 
Operating System Windows (All Versions), Ubuntu (Linux) Advanced 
Education 
Degree /Certificate Discipline Institute / University 
Year of passing Graduation B.E Computer Science Madha Engineering 
College 
Apr 2006 Senior Secondary Computer Science 
Computer Science Vinod, Vijay, Vidhya 
Matric. Hr.Sec.School 
Apr 2002 Secondary General Vinod, Vijay, Vidhya 
Matric. Hr.Sec.School 
Apr 2000 Courses / Certifications 
Course Discipline From To 
Server 
Administration 
IBM AIX 
Net masters Apr 2008 Sep 2008 Project Internship Project Internship 
Hewlett Packard 
Jan 2006 Apr 2006 Technical Training Java & J2EE SSI 
Education 
Jan 2005 Apr 2005 
Project Details 
Project / Domain Mobile Application 
Duration 6 Months 
Team Size 4 Role / Position Software Engineer 
Project Description Native mobile application to transform specific web application. And to bring lot of traffic over the web site and towards its cause. 
Technical Environment Android SDK, Java, Wordpress, PHP, MySQL, HTML5 and 
CSS3 
Responsibilities Project Management, Process Management, and Developing the mobile application using native SDK components. Maintaining the Source Code, Documentation for release document and branding documentation kit (Brochure, Pamphlet, and Banners). And monetizing the mobile application in Google Play Store. 
Project / Domain Website for Businesses 
Duration 6 Months 
Team Size 5 Role / Position Software Engineer 
Project Description Developing web site for business providers who are serving their customer with their products. 
Technical Environment Android SDK, Java, Wordpress, PHP, MySQL, HTML5 and 
CSS3, Bootstrap 
Responsibilities Project Management, Process Management, and Developing the web application. Maintaining the Source 
Code, Documentation for release document and branding documentation kit (Brochure, Pamphlet, and Banners). 
Project / Domain Flex Venture 
Duration Learning Cover 
Team Size 1 Role / Position Software Engineer 
Project Description Developing simple application and replicate some existing application in flex application. 
Technical Environment Flex, Java 
Responsibilities Project Management, Process Management, and Developing the web application. Maintaining the Source 
Code. 
Project / Domain 4D (Discovery, Design, Development and Deployment) 
Duration 6 Months 
Team Size 1 Role / Position Software Engineer 
Project Description Learning the Software Development Life Cycle of project. 
Before proceeding on to the project, start a discovery phase and gather all the requirements and then proceed with the mock up and get approve from the customer with the signoff and start proceeding with development, maintain the source code base and finally made the deployment available to the customer to get the final product or software. This helps understand the overall life cycle of any project that us developed by the IT Software 
Company. 
Technical Environment Project Management Tools (Document, Presentations) Responsibilities Project Management, Process Management, and Developing the web application. Maintaining the Source 
Code. Preparing the documents for the each stage of the process and gather all the documents in each phase and maintain it for future purpose. 
Other Details 
Domain Expertise: Android, Web Development, Content Management System 
Location: 
Chennai / Bangalore 
