 MOUNIKA ALLU 
Email: mounica1202@gmail.com 
Mobile: +91 9885923011 SUMMARY 
2 years of experience in results driven ServiceNow Certified with strong development & design background on ServiceNow Platform. Software Development in areas of ServiceNow Implementation, Customization, and Development on a multi tenant platform projects. 
Highly motivated & solution-oriented programmer with strong experience on ServiceNow Scripting 
SKILLS SUMMARY 
Framework : 
ServiceNow, ITIL, ITSM 
Programming 
Language : Core Java, C, C++ 
Web Technologies : HTML, CSS 
Client Side Scripting 
Language: Java Script 
Operating 
System : Windows XP/7 ServiceNow 
Scripting : Business Rules, Notifications Scripting, Script 
Includes, Workflow Scripting, Background Scripting, UI Actions, UI Policy, Client Scripts, Transform map scripts. 
ServiceNow Configurations & 
Customizations : Workflows, Notifications, SLAs, Reports, Update Sets, Cloning, Portal Designing on CMS, Home Pages, UI 
Actions, UI Policies, Form Designing, Custom 
Application Creation and View Designing. 
SERVICENOW 
FOCUS AREAS: 
ServiceNow Catalog Management and Workflow Development. 
Work experience on Incident, Problem and Change Management. 
Knowledge in using Glide Scripting for creating UI Action and business rules. 
Configuring of Import sets, Data sources and Transform maps Hands on experience on Transform scripts Hands on experience on Order Guide. 
Hands on experience on ESS Portal. 
Email Notification Set up. 
Hands on Experience on inbound email actions and Events and Templates 
Basic knowledge on CMDB and CI Relationships 
EXPERIENCE 
HIGHLIGHTS AbhraCloud Softwares India 
Pvt. Ltd., Hyderabad, INDIA JUNE 2017 PRESENT 
Project 1 : CMDB and Change Management 
Role: ServiceNow Developer 
Client: 
Activision 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
Involved in Client Calls and Gathering the requirements from client Working as Developer for Service Catalog end to end forms development. 
Worked on Email Templates and Events Registery 
Created 
Custom Applications, Workflows, UI Policies and UI Actions and Tables 
Created 
many Catalog forms and respective workflows and approval process. 
Created 
Order Guide for 
all the catalog items. 
Configured Emails notifications and Inbound Email actions Customizations on Change Management and defined workflows for Normal, Emergency and Standard Change Worked on CMDB and CI Relationships 
Basic knowledge on CMDB 
Hands on Experience on Transform map Scripts 
Created inbound emails actions for inserting the CI s data. 
Performed data operations using Import Sets. 
Value Labs, Hyderabad, INDIA SEPTEMBER 2015 
MAY 2017 
Project 1 : Service Catalog and Order Guides for GroupO 
Role: ServiceNow Developer 
Client: Group O 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
Working as Developer for Service Catalog end to end forms development. 
Gathering the requirements from customer in form designing. 
Created 
Custom Applications, Workflows, UI Policies and UI Actions and Tables. 
Created many Catalog forms and respective workflows and approval process. 
Created Users, Groups, Roles, Notifications, Choice Lists, Inbound Email configuration and SLA s. 
Created Order Guide for 
all the catalog items. 
Knowledge on Script 
Includes. 
Created Pages, Navigation menus, Content blocks and I frames for Designing ESS Portal. 
Ad-hoc 
Reports generation and Scheduling 
the Reports. 
Configured Emails notifications and Inbound Email actions Customizations on Incident Management 
Created inbound action to convert email to incidents Home Page customization based on Roles with Dashboards. 
Performed data operations using Import Sets. 
Project 2 : Service Catalog, UI Policies & Workflows 
Role: ServiceNow Developer 
Client: Ascender 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
Worked as service catalog end to end developer. 
Configured Service Request, Incident and Problem as per customer requirements. 
Created User, Groups and Roles using import sets and manually. 
Configured many emails templates notifications Performed data operations using Import Sets. 
Created 
Custom Applications, Workflows, UI Policies, 
I Actions and Tables. 
Involved in writing 
BR s, Client scripts and Catalog Client Scripts. 
Customized Incident, Problem and Change Management as for ITIL best practices. 
Ad-hoc 
Reports generation and Scheduling 
the Reports. 
Did migration activities with the help of Update Sets. 
Home Page customization based on Roles with Dashboards. 
Project 3 : Value labs 
Blue Print Design and Implementation 
Role: ServiceNow Developer 
Client: 
Value Labs Roles and Responsibilities: 
Involved in requirement gathering and freezing of client requirements 
Majorly involved in designing of Blue Print to provision customer to Onboard on ServiceNow with ITIL process flows 
Designed the forms for IM, CM, and PM with field validations. 
Defined service requests for 
the clients Enabled the Time worked field to capture the efforts. 
Configured SLA's and notifications Created inbound action to convert email to incidents Worked on CLIENT SIDE SCRIPTING(Client Scripts, Catalog Client Scripts, UI scripts and UI Policies) Designed the process and procedural documents for IM, PM and CM 
Configuring reports and schedule reports 
Project 4 : 
Benefit Focus Service Desk 
Role: ServiceNow Administrator 
Client: Benefit Focus 
Roles & Responsibilities: 
Worked as ServiceNow Administer for Service Request, Incident, Problem and Change Applications. 
Created User, Group, Roles. 
Inbound and Outbound emails configuration. 
Loaded many data loads using Import Sets. 
Created or updated existing UI policies, Server and Client side Scripts. 
Created many UI policies and Catalog UI policies. 
Involved in Writing Business Rules, Client scripts. 
Form 
Designing of Incident, Problem and Change Applications. 
CERTIFICATIONS 
Certified ServiceNow Admin. 
EDUCATION 
Bachelor of Technology from Vasireddy Venkatadri institute of Technology Guntur on Information Technology with 75%. 
