Chintan Patel Chintan089@gmail.com 
+918154948621 3+ year work experience in Support Industries. 
Good Working knowledge in Product Support, Technical Support and Customer Care Support 
Process. 
Good knowledge of MS SQL and Windows server. 
Excellent troubleshooting techniques. 
Participate in Product functional reviews, test specifications, documentation. 
Polished and professional communication and collaborative ability. 
Good knowledge on Ticket (Issue) Ticketing Tool like Jira, House on Hill, GitHub, Freshdesk. 
Education: 
Bachelor of Computer Application 
Bangalore University 
Bangalore 
Project Details: 
Credit card Management System 
o Project Based on VB 6.0 and Oracle 9.0 as Backend 
Online Share Trading System 
o Project Based on Asp.Net and MS SQL as Backend 
Work Experience: 
The Beast Apps (India) Pvt Ltd April 2017 till now o Provide applications and product support to client via E-Mail, Chat, Call and WebEx. 
o We can primary investigate the issue and create the ticket based on the information provided by customer. 
o Researching, troubleshooting and identifying solutions to resolve system issues Ticket to in a timely manner. Will consult with product experts to advance the resolution of the issue. 
o Following standard procedures for proper escalation of unresolved issues to the appropriate internal teams and will follow through until the Ticket has been closed. 
o Work closely with the development team to analyze, debug and resolve any issues. 
o Participate in daily system health monitoring and perform checklists to test end user functionality testing. 
o Participate in product functional reviews, test specifications, documentation. 
o Occasional travel to Client sites for Software support or on-site troubleshooting. 
o Ability to multi-task, to organize and prioritize a busy workload and work to tight deadlines o User account administration, i.e., account creation and management and password resets on define platform. 
Paul Mason Consulting Retail - April 2015 to April 2017 
o Acting as the first point of escalation for operation support issues. 
o Working on Retail management system to execute the jobs & batches. 
o Day to day responsibility for assigning incidents through the incident management system. 
o Proactive performance monitoring and analysis, Log files Monitoring. 
o Polling to all stores server, collecting all transaction logs and processing all records systematically on main server. 
o SQL queries and stored procedures on data server and to generate reports using the data collected through polling. 
o Reporting of application issue to customer within defined SLA and also daily review meeting with client on phone & creating roadmap for operations improvement. 
o Monitoring, Process delivery & resolve the issue which may have impact on SLAs. 
o Tracking and maintaining proper work logs for the given issue. 
o Quality Audit for operation process deliverables. 
o Read and improve all process related documents and validate with clients for better visibility. 
o Undertaking technical resolution of incoming issues, within expected technical capability. 
o Ensuring all incidents managed directly are logged, investigated, resolved and closed. 
Motif Inc. - Oct 2013 to April 2015. 
o Worked as CCR (Customer Care Representative). 
o Providing Back-End support to MakeMyTrip. 
o Updating data to the website and handle the client and customer. 
OPTIME Services- June 2008 - April 2010. 
o Worked as TSO (Tele-Sales Officer). 
o Generating leads of the interested customer from the data base provided by the company. 
o Was selling insurance policies for Bajaj Allianz. 
o Dialing for the numbers provided by the company and explaining the customer about insurance policies and convincing them over the phone, fixing an appointment with the Sales 
Executive for the closing of lead. 
Technical skills: 
Windows XP, Windows 7, Windows 8.1/10, MS Office, Basic Networking 
Language: C, C++, VB 6.0, Asp.Net, Html 
Database: SQL, Oracle 
Installation, Configuration, Administration & Maintenance of Windows XP & Windows Vista, Windows 7, MS Office 2007, 2010 and Remote location . 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that all the information furnished above is true and correct to the best of my knowledge. 
Date: Name: Chintan Patel 
Place: 
