UDAY POTAN 
Mobile: +9130689986/8625905653 
E-Mail: Potanuday@gmail.com 
Seeking a position in challenging organisation and want to work with a progressive and forward thinking company where I can use my skills. 
Synopsis 
A competent professional with 1 Year of extensive experience in Quality Assurance/ Quality Control (Vendor Quality Assurance) Currently working with GBA India Pvt. Ltd as Associate Quality Engineer (Supplier Quality 
Assurance) TATA MOTORS LTD Pune 
Skills in Quality Assurance viz. SPC, Pareto Analysis, Why Why analysis, Control Charts, Cause & Effect Analysis etc. 
An effective communicator with exceptional relationship management skills with ability to relate to people at any level of business. 
Knowledge of World Class Quality, Total Quality Management, and Daily Work Management. 
Knowledge of QMS, TS 16949. 
Knowledge of 7QC tools, CAPA. 
Hands of experience on measuring instruments like Vernier, Micrometer, Height gauge, Bore gauge, Depth gauge, Profile projector etc. & all types of gauges. 
Key Result Areas 
Quality Assurance 
Good analytical capability and knowledge of failure analysis. 
Sound knowledge of Statistical techniques & Quality Tools 
(8D,Why why, QC) Analyzing Customer Complaints through Root Cause analysis & CAPA. 
Knowledge of Calibration & measurement activities. 
Analysis of customer complaints and implementation of corrective measures and tracing improvements. 
knowledge Critical part checking, sampling inspection. 
Knowledge of Engine Manufacturing related processes. 
Knowledge of GD & T. 
Effective Man power handling for Quality activities. 
Professional Experience 
GBA INDIA PVT.LTD.(TATA MOTORS Ltd), PCBU Pune since Jan 2016 to Jan 2017 
Q.A. Engineer (Vendor Quality Assurance) TCF Quality Assurance. 
Role: 
Daily 5F system (Find, Focus, Fix, Fast and Feedback) & Downtime monitoring in TCF Shop, attending the line rejection and Primary rejection of supplier parts and analysis for the same. 
Incoming & Assembly line rejection analysis. 
Root cause analysis & execution of results. 
Responsible for attending in-plant Part Quality issues, performing Analysis & Implementing corrective action and preventive action for the same. 
Incoming parts inspection. 
Conduct MOM (Minutes of meeting) ICA, PCA with supplier. 
Inspection of development sample & giving feedback to vendor development person. 
Analysis of various inspections report & take corrective actions for the same. 
Accomplishments: Training about Wheel Alignment ,Caster and Camber at Shivratna Motors(Skoda Motrs ltd). 
Training about Automation By Pneumatic & Hydraulic system and of Pumps at Laxmi Hydraulic & Pumps. 
Role: 
Working in Quality Department as Associate QA Engineer. 
Incoming Quality Assurance of Parts. 
Layout Inspection of all TCF parts. 
Prepare inspection report as sampling plan. 
Responsible for Root Cause Analysis and daily reporting regarding the issues. 
Computer Skills: 
Competent in the use of PC and experienced in MS-Office (Good command over Excel), MS Outlook, Internet Explorer. 
Experienced working in Windows 98, XP, 2000, Server 2003, Vista and Window 7 
Compatible working in MS Offices C,C++ -Begineer level 
MATLAB-Begineer level 
Academic Credentials 
Degree University/Board Year of Passing Percentage 
B.E. (Mechanical Eng.) Solapur University 2015 61.40% H.S.C S.E.SJr.College of Arts & Science,Solapur 2010 63.50% 
S.S.C. Pune Board 2008 65.84% Personal Dossier 
Date of Birth: 
15th June 1992. 
Current Address: 
Vilas Mokate Building , Shashtri nagar, Gadhave Colony, Sangam Chowk,Kothrud-Pune-411038 . 
Permanent Address: 33/3/110, Vijay Nagar,Opp. Raghavendra Towers, Solapur-413006 
Linguistic Abilities 
English, Hind, Telugu and Marathi. 
Date: - Uday Mahadeo Potan 
