Sandesh NM 
Customer Success Associate. 
To secure a challenging career in an organization where I can contribute towards the growth, success of the organization and achieve work satisfaction, personal growth, by applying best of my knowledge and abilities. 
Looking for a position in a company that needs and values quality front-end customer support service and can benefit from my positive interaction skills and technical abilities which will ultimately improve customer satisfaction and promote the company s brand name. 
The primary responsibility is to guarantee customer satisfaction by ensuring top-notch customer services. Responsible to provide excellent customer-service, requiring faultless performance, handling complaints, communicating with customers for feedback and suggestions, and advises them on product usage. 
Phone: +91-8792316331 
Address: 
Residence : 
#4, 2nd Cross Road, Bhuvaneshwari Nagar, BSK 3rd Stage, Bangalore City, Karnataka, India - 560085 
Permanent : 
#6, Nellikoppa 
Bheemanakone post, Sagar Town, Shivamogga District 
Karnataka, India - 577417 
Website: Skype : sandesh_nm 
Email: Sanzip3@gmail.com EDUCATION 
University of Mysore, Yuvaraja's College, Mysore, India 
Bachelor of Computer Applications (BCA). 
JUNE 2010 - MAY 2013 Completed graduation in Computer Application specialization. 
Hongirana Independent Pre-University College, Sagar, Karnataka, India. 
Pre-University Education - PCMB JUNE 2008 - MARCH 2010 
Completed my Pre-University Education in specialization Physics, Chemistry, Mathematics and Biology from Department of Pre-University Education, Government of Karnataka, India. 
Hongirana School OF Excellence, Sagar, India 
Class 10th, Central Board of Secondary Education 
JUNE 2007 -MAY 2008 
Completed secondary education in Hongirana School of Excellence, Sagar, under Central Board of Secondary Education, New Delhi, India. 
EXPERIENCE 
Customer Focus Service - CCubed Solutions 
Private Limited, Bangalore, India 
Technical Support Specialist, QA. JUNE 2013 - JULY 2014 
Provided customers with Technical support for Microsoft Windows computers across all platforms (Windows Xp, Vista, 7, 8 ), Microsoft Products, remote tech support using Team Viewer and procedures created with company products. 
Learnt about products and services and kept up to date with changes. 
Managed and supervised a team of Customer/Technical services representatives. 
Lead a team to achieve its monthly target and satisfaction score. 
Provided customer service team with feedback. 
HiPower Support Center Private Limited. 
Electronics City, Bangalore, India 
Senior E Service Associate, Quality Analyst. 
NOVEMBER 2014 - AUGUST 2015 
Responsible to reply to players queries/emails via Zen Desk and Help Shift. Necessary to play and learn in and out of the game (Clash of Clans, SuperCell) to know in depth. 
Responded promptly and answered/resolved players inquiries regarding game play and Technical issues. 
Responsible to play the game in real time in both iOS and Android devices, sync with players complaints and report to team lead, game production team to fix the issue. 
Deep knowledge over Android/iOS platforms/games. 
Passed on feedback from players to design team to make sure players are met with their requirements. 
Provided customer service team with feedback 
RockYou India Pvt Ltd, Bangalore India 
AUGUST 2015 - NOVEMBER 2016 Created using Resumonk - Online Resume Builder 
Customer Support Representative 
Responsible to play and handle whole game, reply to all player queries/technical issues via Zen 
Desk. Deep knowledge with Zen Desk tool. 
Resolved Technical related issues via emails and send feedback to the Game design Team and Lead Engineer to fix bugs. 
Make sure to send daily report of issues and feedback from management team, Design team and to players. 
Responsible to implement players feedback for future game update and involve with design team to meet players requirements. 
Met with other team managers to discuss possible improvements in customer service and game design. 
Learnt about new Games, products and services and kept up to date with changes and upgrades. 
SKILLS 
Excellent communication skills. Able communicate directly with Customers by phone, electronically or face to face. 
Organized Ability to multi-task and prioritize effectively. 
Adaptability and ability to work under pressure Time management. 
Effective problem solving abilities for technical issues. 
Teamwork. Managing escalations. 
Knowledge of handling customer issues. 
Agile, sharp, able to improvise Creative, Active listening. Interested and actively involved to learn anything new. Professional attitude. Dedicated and Respect towards work. 
LANGUAGES 
English (Full Professional working proficiency), Hindi (Native, Regional.), Kannada (Native, Regional.) HONORS 
Best Scout 
Bharat Scouts and Guides, India 
JANUARY 2007 Selected as best Scout of the year for being best Scout and actively participating, organizing the programs with help of Hongirana School and administration. 
Cricketer of the Year 2011 MCC, Mysore, India 
JUNE 2011 Selected as "Cricketer of the year" - 2011 in Mysore Cricket Club and awarded for the same playing excellent all round Cricket. 
Created using Resumonk - Online Resume Builder 
