PRIYA KUMARI Mobile: 07829199550 /Email: priyakumari28.11@gmail.com 
Offering over 4.10 years experience Software Testing, Quality Assurance with a leading organization of repute preferably in Bangalore. 
PROFILE SUMMARY: 
Software Testing and Quality Assurance professional with excellence in Service delivery, Team Management, Liaison and co-ordination, Defect Management. 
Comprehensive knowledge of Software testing life cycle, Manual Testing and basics of automation testing. Also Expertise in writing, reviewing and execution of test plans, test scenarios and test cases. 
Hands on experience in working on, TFS, RQM, MTM,QTP, Selenium and Skilled in defect management using QC and preparation of test data. 
Spearheaded the design and led the test strategy and test plan for all projects; completed review activities such as requirement review, test strategy review and test case review. 
An effective leader with excellent communication, good interpersonal skills and relationship building skills. 
ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
Since Sep14 with Infosys Ltd, Bangalore as Test Analyst. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOMPLISHMENTS: 
Preparation of test cases/ test scripts in RQM. (Rational Quality Manager). Creation and organization of test plans and test cases through Microsoft Test Manager (MTM). 
Allocation of tasks in Test Foundation server (TFS) Responsible for smoke testing, functional testing ,regression testing and automation Testing using Selenium. 
Test case Execution, Monitoring and Tracking along with Defect Management, Maintaining the log, retest, tracking and analysis 
Communicating with onsite managers and leads for daily status and Issue resolution 
Commenced career from Aug11 to Sep14 with Cognizant Technology Solutions as Data Analyst. 
SIGNIFICANT ACCOMPLISHMENTS: 
Preparation of Test Data for Development, System Testing and Business Testing 
Worked on DB2 in Mainframes for tweaking and querying various database tables. 
Attending Daily Status Calls with different stakeholders 
Worked on Basics of QTP 
Basic level of testing 
KEY SKILLS 
Manual testing as Primary Skill 
Test Data Management, Hands on Quality center, Rational Quality Manager, TFS. 
Automation Testing as Secondary Skill which includes basic hands on Selenium. 
ACHIEVEMENTS: 
STAR Performer for 2 consecutive years 2013 and 2014 Rewarded letter of appreciation from client for the quality deliverables. 
Multiple awards and accolades in the past Organizations. 
Received Best performer appreciation from team leads on frequent basis. 
CERTIFICATIONS: 
Software Testing: ISTQB Foundation Certified 
EDUCATION: 
BE (Electrical and Electronics) from Oriental Institute of Science and Technology, Bhopal , MP in 2011 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 
Date of Birth: 25th November, 1987 
Present Address: H212, Ittina Mahaveera Apartment, Electronic City, Bangalore, KA-560100 
