 Suresh Sriramulu saiveen@hotmail.com (mailto:saiveen@hotmail.com) 
+91-9940272962 Objective 
Seeking a role of a Malware Researcher / QA Automation Lead in Software Development Organization. 
Job Summary 
Education 
Master of Computer Applications from University of Madras (2003-05) Bachelor of Science Pachiayappas College, Chennai (1986-89) Experience Summary 11+years of experience in Anti-Virus products as a Malware Researcher and QA Automation Lead with primary skills in Malware Analysis, Vulnerability and Penetration Testing. 
Key Skills 
Master level expertise in Vulnerability and Penetration Testing 
Expertise in 
Automation Testing Selenium, WebDriver, TestNG Expertise in Unit Testing, Manual Testing, Functional Testing, User Acceptance Testing, Component Testing and Beta Testing 
Expertise in Reverse Engineering of Malware files using OllyDbg, IDAPro, Syser, analyzing macros/scripts, pdf, Javascript, VBScript, VBS and providing signatures for detection Expertise in developing Automation Tools to download malware files, process the files, generate signatures. 
Experience in false detection of both executables and urls. 
Intermediate Level hands-on experience on C/C++, Java 
Experience in Training & Presentation to Internal Teams 
Operating Systems 
All Recent Versions of Windows, Linux (Ubuntu/Fedora) Hands-On knowledge on Python, VB Script, Java Script 
Networking Tools : Wireshark, Fiddler, whois, Nmap, TcpDump 
Virtualization Products : VMWare, VirtualBox, Virtual PC 
Sandboxing Tools : Sandboxie 
Reverse Engineering Tools : BinText, HexDump, HexView, CFF Explorer, Peld 
IDS / IPS tools : snort Trouble-shooting Tools : Microsoft Fixit, NDD, NortonUtils, PocessExplorer Experience in Systems Administration, Network setup 
Projects Summary 10) Avt Analyzer 
(Jan2015-Till date) 
I lead a team to Automate the process of collecting information about false positives generated by AVTest, analyze them and provide final report. This report is then used to eliminate false positives and thereby reducing noise in the product. 
9) Site Blocker 
(Jun2014-Dec2014) 
I developed tool/scripts using Python v2.7, MySQL as database under Unix Environment. The purpose of the tool is to automatically upload urls to K7SiteBlocker to protect end user from accessing malicious and phishing sites, thereby leading to enhanced user protection. 
8) MWSUSA 
(Feb2013-Jun2014) 
I lead a team to develop a tool using Python v2.7, MySQL as database. The purpose of this tool is to Automatically download updates/Security patches from Microsofts servers and add the corresponding files to whitelist databank. 
7) KFD 
Whitelist Collection 
(Jun2012-Jan2013) 
I have lead a team to develop a scripting tool using Python, MySQL and Autoit. The purpose of this tool is to automatically download files from Software distribution sites like CNET, filehippo, Softonic, brothersoft, googleplay, process the against anti-virus products and upload the good ones to whitelist bank and forward the false-positive files to Threat Control Lab for further analysis. 
6) Ventress 
(June2009 May2012) 
I have done this tool using Python and MySQL. The tool downloads malicious files from malware collecting urls from reputed hosting sites and uploads the files to Virusbank. The end result of this activity to improve the detection rate in our AV product. 
5) 
K7Arcon 
(June2009 May2012) 
K7Acron is a vulnerability Researchers database. The purpose of this project is to check vulnerability of various versions of Acrobat Products, Java JRE, SDK, Shockwave files against various exploits. The end result of this task is enhanced protection to the enduser. 
4) 
Microsoft analysis and Automation 
(June2009 May2012) 
I have developed a tool to automatically process files from various sites like Microsoft WSUS, Download center, Technet, Service packs, updates/patches of Anti-virus, Adobe etc. The result of this activity is to eliminate false-positives in our AV product. 
3) Sandboxing and Buster Analysis 
(June2009 May2012) 
The purpose of this project is to automatically execute files of GUI based Software updates without the need of key press or mouse click. The files generated in the process are further analyzed based on their activity to enhance our whitelist database and malware database. I have owned this project end to end. 
2) Malware Analysis 
(Jan2008 May2009) 
o 
I reverse-engineered PE files by static and dynamic analysis using OllyDbg, IDAPro, Syser. 
o 
I have also analyzed Text based malicious files, Microsoft Office based malicious files o Gained expertise in Advanced Persistent Threats (APTs) analysis, Ransomware analysis, Parasitic file analysis, Zero-day malicious files analysis o I have provided generic signatures based on the malicious activities of the files 1) Threat Control Lab Activities (Jun2005 Dec2007) 
I have designed and implemented the setup for our new Quarantine lab, trained team in Malware analysis and testing. 
Start End Employer Name Designation 
Jun2005 
Till date K7 Computing Pvt Ltd, Chennai Malware Researcher / Vulnerability & Penetration Test Lead 
