JAINENDER KR NIGAM : +918826086727 : jainender.nigam@gmail.com : Delhi, India SUMMARY 
Highly result-oriented and competent professional with over 11 years of diverse experience in Social 
Media/Business research & analysis, qualitative & quantitative research, production planning & internal audits etc. Offering 6 years of pre-MBA experience of Engineering operations & management and 5 years of post MBA experience of Media/Business research & analysis and Digital marketing. 
EDUCATION AND CERTIFICATIONS 
Full Time MBA - Merit Holder 2011-2012 
Bradford University School of Management 
United Kingdom 
Bachelor of Engineering (B.Engg) 2000-2004 Delhi College of Engineering (DCE-DTU) 
Delhi Technological University, India 
STRENGTH & SKILLS 
Motivated & dynamic professionals with exposure to business & financial environment and a proven ability to interact with a diverse range of people in a professional manner. 
Expert in collecting and evaluating information via news organizations, government reports, online forms, blogs, news sites, and other sources Strong working knowledge of all social media platforms (Facebook, Twitter, LinkedIn etc), digital media & E-newspaper portals. 
Hands on experience of using various Social Media Management tools Hootsuit, Tweekdeck, IFTTT & Buffer etc. 
Expert in creating attractive content using various M S Office tools. 
Excellent data representation, interpretation and synthesis skills. Highly proficient in Microsoft Office (Word, PPT and Excel). Expert in handling various Google Tools. 
Conversant with all types of secondary research through databases, statistics and Government database, as well as general research on companies. 
Strong team building, project management, analytical, quantitative & qualitative research skills. 
Sound knowledge of financial analysis, equity market & valuation concepts. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Research Associate (Consulting Role) 
March 13 August 17 
Prasar Bharati: India s Public Service Broadcaster Mandi House, Delhi 
Current profile is completely into Social Media research analysis, Social Media analytics & report writing. 
Media Research & Social Media management Leading social media team, analysing campaign performance and research results (Twitter/Facebook analytics) & presenting them using a variety of analytical tools. 
o Promoting archival materials of AIR & Doordarshan and the programs of social media o Promoting various new updates of the organisation & new social initiatives by Government o Maintaining the analytics dashboard & sharing with the CEO on weekly basis. 
o Work closely with graphic designers to deliver creative and fresh content. 
Responsible for the preparation of weekly calendar and the daily postings. 
Handling Prasar Bharati News Desk for sharing latest news/updates on M & E industry with Chairman, CEO & other senior officers via Email, Google sheets, Whats app & other tools. 
Creating & maintaining an online dashboard of all relevant news article in digital form. 
Reading press releases & media coverage and newspaper assessing whether stories are favourable or detrimental to the organisation. 
Market research Provide information to management by assembling and summarizing data; preparing reports; making presentations of findings, analyses, and recommendations. 
o Synthesizing & packaging research results on TRAI, Telecom, Digital India & M&E industry; organizing facts/summarizing data into appropriate & timely output (email, word, excel, PPT). 
o Going through various reports, news articles, company annual reports and other databases to search for the relevant information. 
Doing financial performance analysis & evaluation of past, current and projected performance of the organization and preparing budget proposals for Ministries. 
o Researching, consolidating and analysing all the financial results of Prasar Bharati & create financial models and financial performance reports. 
o Analysing unit revenue contribution of various departments within stations. 
Tracking and verifying information on various websites of All India Radio & Doordarshan. 
Assistant Manager: Research July12-Dec 12 Flame Logistics Zones Pvt. Ltd. 
Delhi 
Sourced and analysed company and industry information from databases, news sources, industry and analyst research. 
Provided information by collating and summarizing data; preparing reports; making presentations of findings and analysis. 
Prepared Company profiles-information packs on companies covering Business overview, Financials, Management, domestic coverage, their legalities etc. 
Supporting role in preparing research reports on logistic sector in India. 
Conduct data analysis using basic skills in statistics and maintain online database. 
Deputy Manager: Engineering and production 
Aug 2004-Aug 2010 Bennett & Coleman Company Limited (Pre-MBA) 
Delhi 
Major responsibilities were Team handling. Project management, production / maintenance / quality, Production planning, internal audit, costing and budgeting, spare part management, vendor management etc. 
Managed team of engineers conducted technical research work to find the technical obstructions and rectify them for smooth newspaper production. 
Conducted internal audits, prepared reports and brought functional amendments in the department Managed and monitored the annual consumption budget. 
Executed 60 million $ project of installing and commissioning of high speed machines. 
Managed preventive & breakdown maintenance, production planning activities. 
MISCELLANY 
Ready to re-locate : Yes, Interests: Social Media 
Current Affairs Cricket Stock Market 
