S.Siva Krishna 12th Cross, Maruthi Nagar, BTM 1st Stage, Bangalore 560038 Email: alwayssivakrishna@hotmail.com 
: - 9901274362 
Looking forward to a challenging and competitive work atmosphere leading to a professional experience with a dynamic and progressive organization where my skills, talents and abilities will be utilized to the fullest for mutual benefit. 
Summary of Technical skills 
Server OS: Win NT Workstation, Win 2000 server/ Professional, Win 2003 & 2008. 
Client OS: Win 98, XP, 7, 8, and 10. 
Linux OS: Red Hat 5/6/7, Fedora, Ubuntu, CentOS and Linux Mint. 
Windows Services: Active Directory, DNS, DHCP, Terminal Service, IIS and Group Policy. 
Virtualization Software: Oracle Virtual box/VM Workstation. 
Remote Management: Terminal Services, VNC, Net meeting, PC Anywhere, Team Viewer. 
Antivirus: McAfee, Symantec Corporate edition 9.0 and 10 
Ticketing Tools: BMC Remedy ticketing tool, eSTM. 
Professional Experience : 
Designation : Technical Support Engineer 
Company : AT & T Services, Bangalore 
Project : 
MIS (Managing Integrated Services) 
Team : ISD (Integrated Service Desk) 
Duration 
: 3rd May 2016 to Till Date. 
Tier I technical support for Hosting and Applications Services, e.g. BAS/TAG and MHO Services. 
Handles inbound and outbound calls. 
Act as a front-line interface to AT&T business Customers, accepting trouble reports and dispatching them to appropriate personnel and/or carriers. 
Actively troubleshoot and diagnose problems. 
Interact with Telco Carriers and Customers to report events and/or resolution of events. 
Participate in tracking and prioritization of ticket-handling, including inter-shift turnover. 
Escalate or handoff tickets to appropriate group or center. 
Ability to fully document information in AT&Ts Trouble Ticketing application. 
Utilize available AT&T tools that are provided i.e., manuals, web-based documentation. 
Participate in monthly account reviews as needed. 
Technical Proficiency: 
Windows: 
Installing, configuring, Administering Windows 2000/ 2003/2008 OS. 
Administering and Managing Windows server 2003 Domain 
Administering and Managing Application Servers, DHCP and DNS. 
Setting up DHCP, DHCP Relay Agent. 
Creating and Managing users, groups, group policy. 
Configuration of Print server and Network printer. 
Backup up enterprise file server using Symantec 2010, Veritas 9.0 Education qualification 
Academic Qualification: B.Tech (Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University) Personal Details 
Fathers Name : Singavarapu Ramarao 
Date of Birth 
: 12th June 
Sex : Male 
Martial Status : Single 
Nationality : Indian 
Languages Known : English and Telugu. 
Place: Bangalore 
Date: (S.Siva Krishna) 
Career Objective: 
PAGE 2 
