T. HARSHA VARDHAN 
B-203 PRISM MANOR 2ND CROSS 9TH MAIN, BTM 1ST STAGE, Bangalore, KARNATAKA 560029 
Cell: +91
9533705425 vamsi2690@gmail.com 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
Aim to be associated with progressive organization that gives scope to apply my knowledge and skills and to work dynamically towards the growth of the organization as well as to learn more and develop my career. 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION 
Year Qualification Institute Percentage 
2015 PGDM (Finance and Marketing) Vignana Jyothi Institute of Management. 63.4 2012 
B.Tech 
(Information Technology) 
Vignan Institute of Information 
Technology. 59.1 2008 HSC Sri Chaitanya Jr.College 83.9 2006 SSC Bhashyam Public School 82.1 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
PAREXEL International Ltd, Hyderabad, Telengana State 09/2015 to 02/2016 Project Setup, Billing & Collections 
Role Project Financial Support Specialist 
Responsibility Work under the direction of the Manager, creates and updates external client projects with in the financial systems utilizing study information obtained from various sources as well assisting in Project Close outs and Reconciliations. 
We used to populate project setup interface tools for review by PFA, based on provided pricing tools and contract documentation in coordination with Business 
Operations staff, update project data for project team changes, CIS and contract signature. Responsible for the accurate loading of the project setup interface tool to the financial system, as well as load of the pricing tool to specific financial system(s) as appropriate. 
PeopleLink Unified Communications, Hyderabad, Telengana State 02/2015 to 09/2015 
Inside Sales Role Partner Sales - Manager 
Responsibility It was for complete client handling side where on the daily basis we are listening to customer requirements and pitch appropriate products or services to make a sale where we have to maintain and develop relationships with existing customers in person and via telephone calls and emails we need to have a proper reaching of the targets and goals set for our area. 
Expanding our customer base with servicing of our existing customers where we have to make accurate, rapid cost calculations and providing customers with quotations developing sales strategies and setting targets to gather market and customer information at the end of the day for final report of collecting customer feedback to senior managers. 
INTERNSHIP DETAILS RELIGARE Securities Ltd, Visakhapatnam, Andhra Pradesh 
Title Analysing performance of stocks based on its FSA. 
Description The main aim is to understand the key aspects of investing in capital markets. 
I had also learnt the software applications that help in trading both virtual and real time scenarios on our own. 
Finally, got some basic idea in different portfolios that arise in Stock Markets. 
SKILLS 
I.T. skills including experience in Microsoft Office (Word, Excel, PowerPoint). 
Quick learner, keen to learn and improve skills. 
Analytical Mindset. 
Proper Time Management . 
Self-motivation and ability to take the initiative. 
Ability to work well under pressure. 
ADDITIONAL INFORMATION 
Member of EACH ONE TEACH ONE program held in VJIM. 
Volunteer for various blood donation camps which were held in Visakhapatnam. 
Student co-ordinator in college 
s national technical symposium-DESAFIO 2k11. 
Participated in various sports from col lege level. 
Qualified for Olympiad at state level. 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
Date of Birth 
: 26th of January, 1990. 
Permanent address : H # 45-2-40/6, 
Ramachandra Nagar, Akkayyapalem, Visakhapatnam-530016. 
ANDHRA PRADESH. 
Sex : 
Male. 
Hobbies : 
Playing cricket, Travelling, Internet savvy, listening music. 
