 Naveen Rao Resume 
Page 1 NAVEEN RAO 
No.660, BEML Layout +91-7028016235 Rajarajeshwari Nagar naveen.rao1@gmail.com Mysore-570022 
http://in.linkedin.com/pub/naveen-rao/7/a03/a82 
C A R E E R 
S U M M A R Y More than 20 years of Techno Commercial experience in Process Automation and Manufacturing industries in Operations and Engineering related functions listed chronologically - Maintenance, DCS Engineering, Resource Management, Proposals , Country Coordinator/Intra company Liaison and Lifecycle Service (LCS) Support. 
Additional stints as Head of Corporate Communication, Production/Operations Engineer- FMCG industry Instrumentation and Control Engineer with MBA (PGDBA) in General Management. Lean Six 
Sigma Green Belt Certification from KPMG. 
P R O F E S S I O N A L E X P E R I E N C E 
EMERSON EXPORT ENGINEERING CENTRE (GLOBAL ENGINEERING CENTRE), Pune, India 2006 
Present 
LCS Support Specialist (since 2015), Asst Manager, Engineering and Proposals (since 2006) 
Took on different roles in Engineering, Proposals and Service functions including System configuration, managing, coordinating project teams and intra company businesses by Country. 
Current initiative involves setting up a back office Global Service Support group within EEEC to assist all Emerson offices in Lifecycle Services (LCS) deliverables to end customers. 
In my current role as LCS Specialist, I have expeditiously set up a functioning support group with global (remote and local) team members by using detailed process study and hands on learning methods to establish tested work practices and induct new team members for specific sub tasks. 
Responsible for deliveries within agreed quality, target and turnaround time. Draft workflow procedures, team training , periodic reporting, and efficiency improvement with automation tools. 
Successfully helped field offices convey need for upgrade services to end customers. 
As Project Lead, was involved in successfully implementing, Design, Configuration, FAT, of multiple DeltaV and Safety Systems (SIS) on Greenfield projects in Oil and Gas/Chemical/Bio- 
Energy applications. Deputed to Emerson front offices in Germany, Mexico, and Qatar and U.S to lead projects, conduct FAT with EPC/End customers. Coordinate activities in Project Engineering, SIS and Proposals with back office teams. 
As Country Coordinator, managed people, shared resources (facilities) and intra company business accounts between Global Engineering Centre (Pune) and Emerson Local offices worldwide, to deliver project services per agreed budget and scope, manage forecast meetings; review, plan workflow, issue resolution etc. 
Working through challenges, like language barriers, cultural apathy and low cost differential forged a functional intra company business relationship with Emerson Mexico, by mapping/coordinating processes and delivering project services. 
Was a guest lecturer/presenter to deliver a two part lecture to Students of Economics class at Florissant Valley Community College, Saint Louis, Missouri. 
SYNGENTA INDIA LIMITED, Goa, India 
2001 2006 
Senior Executive Automation Department, Operation Support and in- house Projects 
Lead and provide Technical and Department administration support to chemical batch and continuous process plants to ensure planned production and packaging of Crop Protection products. 
Naveen Rao Resume 
Page 2 With the help of a team of specialized engineers/technicians schedule, participate and implement Preventive/Breakdown maintenance, HazOp studies, FAT/SAT, Install and Commission. 
Administration duties like Procurement, develop SRS, Capex/Opex budgets, Proposals, Vendor development, Mentoring, drafting procedures etc. 
In-house Automation projects successfully completed within Scope, Schedule, Cost, and Quality include Formulation Plants and F/P Assembly Lines for Herbicides/Insecticide Products. 
Installation of India s biggest Thermal Oxidizer for hazardous wastes, Installation of a major Data 
Acquisition System to capture Utility generation and consumption of Brine, Chilled/Cooling Water, Steam etc at site (Define and vendor evaluation phase only). 
Managed the communications at site as Head of Communications stream; a part of Syngenta s Global Corporate program called Site Alignment Project. 
Organized and presented a Workshop on Business law for EOU units at GIM, attended by various industry personnel. 
Conducted a two part in depth communication analysis study for nearly 200 executives in Syngenta, to understand and improve the various channels and level of communication, created a corporate CD on Syngenta manufacturing site. 
KODAK INDIA LTD, Goa, India 
2000 2001 Operations Engineer-Film Finishing Division 
Handle daily Operations and Maintenance of units involved in production of camera and motion picture rolls, including men, material and machine to ensure day to day production in my shift. 
Scheduling, supervising, and coordinating the following activities: production, preventive maintenance, third party activities, reworking of defective rolls, managing resources: Operators, raw material, work in progress and finished goods. 
Implemented a 5S based housekeeping project. 
SESA GOA LIMITED, GOA India 1997 2000 
Instrumentation Engineer 
Manage all Process Instrumentation in Blast Furnaces and Captive Power Plant with 40Kgs, 19TPH boiler and 3MW turbine for power generation. 
Part of migration project to replace obsolete Assembly Language PLC with Siemens S7-300 based batching and sequencing system for Blast Furnace operations. 
E D U C A T I O N 
GOA INSTITUTE OF MANAGEMENT, (GIM) Ribandar, Goa 
Post Graduate Diploma in Business Administration (EMBA), May 2005; GUJRAT UNIVERSITY, L.D.COLLEGE OF ENGINEERING, AHMEDABAD, India 
Bachelor of Engineering in Instrmentation and Control 
(BE), Aug 1996; S K I L L 
S E T / 
T R A I N I N G S Distributed Control Systems (DCS), Programmable logic controllers (PLC/SCADA): Project Design, Engineering, Application Software configuration, Debugging and Maintenance of: 
Delta V DCS and SIS (Safety Instrumented System), Yokogawa Micro XL and CS1000 , Honeywell TDC3000, Philips PPC-68-Assembly Language , Siemens S5/S7, Allen Bradley, Schneider , Fix32, Citech for utility and boiler operations monitoring. 
Foreign Language: Spanish 
