Eashwar Belde " 4.4 years of Experience in Middleware - Weblogic , Apache , JBoss , Tomcat Application servers.. " mail.eashwarbelde@gmail.com 9741996032 
Current Designation: System Analyst 
Current Company: Marlabs Software (P) Ltd 
Current Location: Bengaluru / Bangalore 
Pref. Location: Bengaluru / Bangalore, Hyderabad, Pune 
Functional Area: IT Software - Middleware 
Role: System Analyst 
Industry: IT-Software/Software Services 
Key Skills: Weblogic Administration, Weblogic, Apache, Jboss, Apache Tomcat, 
Total Experience: 4 Year(s) 4 Month(s) 
Annual Salary: Rs 4.7 Lakhs 
Expected CTC: Not Mentioned 
Highest Degree: B.Tech/B.E. 
Notice period: Not Mentioned 
Work Experience 
Marlabs Software (P) Ltd (Current Employer) 
System Analyst | Mar 2012 Day - to - day activities involving handling and resolving the tickets , Troubleshooting, Monitoring, Team Meetings, Documentations, Bridge calls, KT's. Installation of Weblogic , JBoss application servers. Deploying the applications. Performance 
Tuning the parameters. 
Education 
Undergraduates 
B.Tech/B.E. (Computers) 
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University (JNTU) | in 2011 
IT Skills 
Skill Name Version Last Used Experience 
WebLogic 10g , 11g 2016 4 Years JBoss EAP 6.2 2016 2 Years 
Apache Tomcat 7x 2016 1 Year 
Apache Web Server 2.2 2016 4 Years 2 Months 
Language Known 
Language Proficiency Read Write Speak 
English Proficient 
Hindi Proficient 
Telugu Proficient 
Projects 
No Projects Added 
Other Details 
Personal Detail 
Date of Birth: 13 Aug 1989 
Gender: 
Marital Status: Single/unmarried 
Address: 
Road No -2, Bank Colony, West Venkatapuram , Lothkunta, Secunderabad, Telangana 500015 
Home Town: hyderabad Desired Job Details 
Job Type: Permanent 
/Temporary/Contractual 
Employment Status: Not 
Mentioned 
Work Authorization 
US Work Status: Not 
Mentioned 
Countries: Not Mentioned 
Affirmative Action 
Category: General 
Physically Challenged: No 
Attached Resume 
Eashwar Belde 
Email: mail.eashwarbelde@gmail.com Mobile No: +91 - 9741996032 
Profile Summary: 
o 4.4 years of Middleware Administration experience on WebLogic 10.3.0 and 10.3.6 versions, JBoss EAP 6.2 and Tomcat 7.0.56 on Linux environment. 
o 2 years of parallel Admin experience on JBoss and Tomcat. 
o Able to handle Middleware Admin related activities like Installation, Configuration, Domain creation, Startup and Shutdown 
Servers, Deployment, Clustering, Troubleshooting, Performance Tuning, Monitoring of WebLogic application server and JBoss application server. 
WebLogic: 
o Installed WebLogic on UNIX environment using GUI, Console and Silent-based. 
o Proficient in creating and configuring domains using GUI, Console and Template based modes. 
o Good experience in setting up Clusters in WebLogic, for achieving high availability, load balancing and fail over support. 
o Proficient in deploying WAR and EAR files into domains using Console and Weblogic.Deployer. 
o Knowledge in configuring JDBC connection pools, Data sources. 
o Good in monitoring Logs and analyzing Thread dumps. 
o Experience in tuning the server parameters, JVM parameters and garbage collection parameters to improve performance. 
o Having Experience in Apache Webserver Installation, Configuration, Integration with WebLogic. 
o Knowledge in Configuring SSL and Digital Certificates. 
o Involved in handling the tasks based on the Priority & involved in proper documenting the tasks. 
o Handling all aspects of administration such as day to day site monitoring and maintenance. 
o Trouble shooting the issues related to the application slowness, Out of memory issues, Struck Threads. 
o Having good experience on basic UNIX commands. 
o Involved in providing 24x7 support by monitoring multiple applications at production and non-production. 
JBoss: 
o Responsible for installation of JBoss on UNIX environment. 
o Deployed applications using Deployment Scanner, Console and CLI. 
o Involved in creating Clusters in JBoss. 
o Experience in integration of Apache with JBoss application server using mod_jk, mod_cluster plugins. 
o Troubleshooting and performance tuning of JVM. 
o On-call support (24x7), monitoring and supporting multiple JBoss instances across production, DR and other critical environments. 
Tomcat: 
o Experience in installation and setup of Tomcat servers. 
o Have grip on server startup & shutdown. 
o Creation of wrapper scripts for Tomcat servers. 
o Deployment of applications into Tomcat servers. 
Technical Skills: 
|Application Servers/ |Web Logic 10g(10.3.0), 11g(10.3.6), Jboss EAP 6.2, Tomcat 7.0.56 | 
|Web Servers |Apache 2.2 | 
|Operating Systems |Linux | 
|Database |Oracle10g,11g | |Tools |Putty, Winscp, GC Viewer, BMC Remedy, CA Wily Introscope | 
Work Profile: 
o Currently working as a System Analyst with Marlabs software (P) Ltd, Bangalore from March-2012 to till date. 
Client : Burke Corporation - IOWA, US May 2014 to Till date 
Responsibilities: 
o Installation, Configuring and Administration of Web Logic servers on UNIX environments. 
o Setting up of clusters in production and non-production. o Deployed the WAR & EAR application and targeted Managed Servers by using Admin console, Weblogic.Deployer utility. 
o Monitoring and troubleshooting the WebLogic servers by tuning JVM heap size and garbage collection for performance. 
o Involved in the deployment of applications in JBoss. 
o Setting up high available clusters with JBoss instances to implement Failover. 
o Configuration of Apache to JBoss using mod_jk and mod_cluster. 
o Installation of Tomcat application server and responsible for server start-up and server shutdown. 
o Involved in deploying applications to Tomcat server. 
o Handling all aspects of administration such as day to day site monitoring and maintenance. o 24X7 production support and coordinated with developers and end-users to resolve critical issues 
Client : IDW Publishing - California, US April 2012 - April 2014 
Responsibilities: 
o Installation, Configuring and Administration of WebLogic servers on UNIX environments. 
o Setting up of clusters in production and non-production to achieve High Availability and implement Failover. 
o Involved in the deployment of various types of applications including WAR and EAR files. 
o Monitoring and troubleshooting the WebLogic servers by tuning JVM heap size and garbage collection for performance. 
o Configuring JDBC Connection Pools and Data source. 
o Client Interaction to make sure the high priority P1 tickets are taken care properly. 
o Handling all aspects of administration such as day to day site monitoring and maintenance. o 24X7 production support and coordinated with developers, management and end-users to resolve critical issues. 
Educational Qualifications: 
o Graduated from Hyderabad Institute of Technology And Management (HITAM) - JNTUH in 2011.[pic] 
