HARSHA N 
Mobile: +91- 9008651146 
Email: harshanarayanshetty@gmail.com 
Notice Period: 30 days 
CAREER OBJECTIVE 
To be associated with progressive organization that gives me scope to update my skills according to latest trends, especially in the area of Software Development and be a part of the team that dynamically works towards the growth of organization. 
Roles and Responsibilities Developing custom enhancements to the existing product. Writing Business rules for customer according to the desired logic. 
Understanding and analyzing the API s and the framework developed by the R&D team and using them in implementing the desired custom functionality. 
Designing, coding, Unit testing the developed extensions and working with the QA team. 
Bug fixing for the customizations developed. Handling bugs on call with customer in case of emergency issues. 
Receiving SOW from architects and implementing the same. 
Upgrading the product to higher versions released for the customers. 
Customer Interaction for flawless and smooth development as per the requirement. 
Estimating the effort/time required for a given task/requirement from customer. 
Knowledge Transition for new team members. 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Currently working at Unilog content solutions Pvt Ltd as Software Engineer from December 2015 to till date. 
Previously worked with Enspilog Software Solutions pvt ltd as Software Engineer from Apr 2013 to Nov 2015 (2 year(s) - 7 month(s)). 
Worked for IGSLABS TECHNOLOGIES PVT LTD as an Internship Project Trainee from August 2011 to June 2012 and carried out M.Tech academic project. 
Experience in development of ecommerce applications. 
Hands-on experience on struts and spring. 
Experienced in Java, MySQL, oracle, velocity, HTML, CSS, jquery, collections, springs, JavaScript, Ajax, Struts, spring (basics), solr, erp. 
Skills Set 
Programming Knowledge: Java 
Technologies: struts2 ,JBOSS, SOAP,JSON, Oracle11G, HTML, CSS, javascript, Ajax, velocity, collections 
Servers : Jboss, Apache tomcat, Wamp 
IDE : Netbeans, Eclipse 
Database Knowledge: Oracle and Mysql 
Knowledge on standard widget toolkit (SWT), SOLR and ERP 
Activities 
Participated and presented papers in national and International conferences. 
Actively participated in organizing workshops and national conferences. 
Participated in workshops held at different colleges. 
Participated and won prizes in sports activities. 
PROJECT PROFILE 
Unilog Content Solutions / Dec-2015 to Till Date 
Project 1: NGlantz ecommerce application 
Client: NGlantz & Sons 
Environment: ecommerce 
Technology: java, Struts2, collections, velocity, html, javascript, SOAP 
Duration: 7 months 
Description: NGlantz is a sign and graphics supply company. The NGlantz ecommerce application is implemented using CIMM2Touch. CIMM2Touch contains all the tools: PIM, Experience 
Management, and Search. We make use of SOLR and SXV10 ERP for this project. 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Implemented functionalities like don t forget section (top selling products), news and social media section, total warehouse availability and one day transit section, Implemented share cart feature, create/ view message feature. 
Project 2: Weingartz ecommerce application 
Client: Weingartz power Inc. 
Environment: ecommerce 
Technology: java, Struts2, collections, velocity, html, javascript, SOAP,JSON 
Duration: 6 Months 
Description: Weingartz is a power equipment supply company. The Weingartz ecommerce application is implemented using CIMM2Touch. CIMM2Touch contains all the tools: PIM, Experience 
Management, and Search. We make use of SOLR and SX ERP for this project. 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Implemented functionalities like Fraud Check score feature, Account pages feature, Create/view message feature, set up option for new equipment feature 
Project 3: McNaughton and Mckay ecommerce application 
Client: Mc-Mc Electrical Company 
Environment: ecommerce 
Technology: java, Struts2, collections, velocity, html, javascript 
Duration: 6 Months 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Implemented functionalities like Quick Order Pad/File Upload with Extended Catalog Items, Training Registration Links, and Added promotion code feature. 
Project 4: Marks Supply ecommerce application 
Client: Marks Supply Inc. 
Environment: ecommerce 
Technology: java, Struts2, collections, velocity, html, javascript, eclipse 
Duration: 8 months 
Description: Marks Supply is a plumbing, P.V.F, Hydronic, HVAC products supply company. We make use of SOLR and ECLIPSE ERP for this project. 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Implemented functionalities like Persistent login feature, new Autocomplete feature, featured products section, ship to sync functionality, previously purchased and reorder products functionalities. 
Project 5: HGH ecommerce application 
Client: HGH Hardware. 
Environment: ecommerce 
Technology: java, Struts2, collections, velocity, html, javascript, eclipse 
Duration: 4 Months 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Implemented Clearance badge feature, Reorder pad feature, data overwrite in eclipse feature. 
Enspilog Software solutions/ April-2013 to-Nov 2015 
Project 1: Admin tool 
Description: Admin tool is a web application, which maintains the app users list with their roles, service expiry date, their roles, and permissions to add, edit or delete the device. 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Involved in system testing, HSIT and LL testing, Build development & Release. 
Integration of HTML page with services. 
Customizing the pages for admin, tenants and end users. 
Implementation of required modules. 
Project 2: SABANY 
Client: Rain Enterprises LLC 
Description: SABANY is a college web application. It is used to manage college database and activities. 
Roles and Responsibilities: 
Implemented all major modules. 
Involved in con calls with the clients and in documentation of various requirements, scenarios of the project planning. 
IGSLABS TECHNOLOGIES PVT.LTD / Aug-2011 to-June 2012 
Title: IGS Health care 
Environment : java, SWT 
Duration : 08 months Carried out in IGS LABS TECHNOLOGIES, Bangalore. 
Description: 
IGS Health care is a java application, which tracks the patients and manages the prescription provided by the doctors. This application manages whole hospital functionalities. 
Roles and Responsibility: Implemented major modules of the application. 
Attended client s calls individually and with team. 
ACADEMIC DETAILS DECLARATION 
I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge. If given an opportunity in serving your esteemed Company, I will try my level best to keep up to your expectations. 
Place: Bangalore 
Harsha N 
Qualification Name of the Institute 
Year of passing Percentage 
M.Tech 
Computer Science and Engineering Sri Siddhartha Institute of Technology, Tumkur 2012 
84% B E 
Computer Science and Engineering 
APS College of Engineering, Bangalore 2010 
63% 
12th/2nd PUC HKV PU College, Maddur 2006 
63% 10th /SSLC 
Vijaya High School, Maddur 2004 71% 
