METSIVOYI CHUZHO #25 Arvis Cottage 3A Cross Ramachandrappa layout Kariyanapalya, Lingrajapuram 
Bangalore-560084 
Karnataka-India : +91 9740845466 : mesichuzho@gmail.com 
Career Objectives 
I aspire to take a challenging position and want to serve in an organization which offers challenging tasks and where constant upgradation of knowledge is possible. 
Technical Skills 
Languages : C, C++, java, javascript, php, Pearls. 
Other skills : MySQL, HTML, CSS, XHTML, bootstrap, Ajax, Ruby on Rails, Joomla, Jquery. 
Education 
Institution University/Board Branch/Stage Percentage Year 
Bapuji Institute of Engineering & Technology, Davangere. 
Visvesvaraya 
Technological University, Belagavi B.E (CSE) 62.77% (aggregated till 7th sem) 
2012-2016 Kohima Science College Jotsoma, Nagaland. 
Nagaland Board of School Education(NBSE) 
12TH 
53.60% 2012 Chakhesang Mission High School. 
Nagaland Board of School Education(NBSE) 10TH 
71.50% 2010 Project Details 
Shoot the Objects Game :-This mini project was designed using OpenGL to demonstrate the transformation of objects. 
Analysis of customer reviews on E-commerce product :- This project was taken as the final year project. The main aim of this project is to analyze the reviews and determine they are positive or negative. 
Achievements 
Successfully completed IBM Bluemix enablement session. 
Actively participated in various college activities. 
Strengths 
Effective and well-developed Communication Skills 
Thrive in deadline-driven Environments 
Leadership Skills 
Effective team worker 
Highly self-motivated Willingness to learn and accept challenges Hobbies and Interests 
Playing Guitar, Playing football and Listening music. 
Personal Details 
Name 
: Metsivoyi Chuzho 
Date of birth : 
20th Sept 1995 Father name 
: Nutso Chuzho 
Sex : Male 
Marital status : Single 
Languages known : Chokhri, English and Nagamese. 
Permanent address 
: Rukizu, Pfutsero-797107, Nagaland. 
Ideal Personality 
A team player and an articulate motivator with the ability to resolve problems and achieve goals. 
A quick learner with excellent communication and demonstrational skills. 
Do each & every work very sincerely and seriously. 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that above mentioned information is true to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of above mentioned particulars. 
Metsivoyi Chuzho 
