Radhika Arora House # 87,1st Floor, Aggarsain Nagar ,Ambala Cantt 133001 +919780749236;7988441553 ; radhika890@gmail.com 
Highly motivated, result focused, and resourceful Human Resource professional with more than 3 years of experience in entire HR Management domain and Administration Assistant. Hands on expertise in HR strategic planning, recruitment & retention, conflict resolution, policy formulation & implementation, and employee relations. Improving internal processes and procedures within a demanding environment, project deadlines, and budgets. Leverage interpersonal communication and collaborative team work with management and staff members to achieve overarching goals. 
E X P E R I E N C E 
Events Planner (1 Year) Sr. Exe. Admin. Assistant (6 months). Reliance Jio Infocom. Pvt. Ltd.(Aug15-Feb16) 
Sr. Exe.HR(7 months) 
Serendipity Infolabs Pvt. Ltd. (Taxiforsure) (Dec 14 Jul-15) 
Executive HR ( 2 years) 
Solitaire Group (Appco India) (Jan 13 to Nov 14) 
K E Y 
F U N C T I O N A L R E S P O N S I B I L I T I E S 
Exposure to entire gamut of HR Activities 
Talent Acquisition 
Handle manpower planning and full recruitment cycle, including executive, middle, and senior level recruitments. I have extensive experience in sourcing of candidates through different portals, consultants, internet & Social media to find the best match. Conducting interviews, handle salary negotiation, issue offer letter/ letter of intent, appointment letter, and handle new employee induction and joining formalities. Recruit and retain managerial and operational talents with a focus on employee development and recognition. Ensure employee record maintenance pertaining to hiring, joining, leaving & removing, promotion, salary increments, training undertaken, and leave & attendance, including their personal files. 
Joining & Exit Formalities: 
Handle all joining formalities and basic necessities of new employees, arrange inductions/ orientations, provide joining kits, and ensure employees full and final settlements and clearance formalities are completed within the set time frame; also handle exit interviews and formalities. 
Employee Relations 
Handle workforce management, and maintain appropriate contact/ communication with the employees to stay abreast of concerns and address personnel issues and promote retention of talented professionals. 
Performance Management 
Drive processes and support culture related to mentoring, counseling, goal settings, performance feedback, appraisals, and career planning. Handle entire internal job promotions (IJP) of the company. 
Training & Development 
Assist other departments to effectively achieve HR targets and facilitate productivity enhancement. 
Forms a responsibility matrix for each team member and creates proper teams for various projects. 
Ensure new employee orientation and training activities for all new hires and smooth implementation of training by forming a feedback and review system. Conceptualize the appraisal system and growth plan for every team member and ensure a motivational climate, including adequate opportunities for career growth and development. 
Employee Engagement 
I am responsible for organizing monthly & quarterly events for team building and leisure of the employees. Taking care of all the festive events, employee birthday and company annual party. 
Time Management & Salary 
Taking care of the employee attendance system, handing tax investments planning and working in liaison with payroll team of the organization to process the salaries on time. 
Internal Soft Skills Training/ PD Sessions 
Workshops/sessions of employees to train on communication skills, Inter personal skills, sensitivity training. 
Admin. Assistant 
Provide Admin Support to State Head. Managing the day to day operations of the Office and Planning and scheduling meetings and appointments. Arrange corporate travel and meetings by developing itineraries and agendas, booking other transportation; arranging lodging and meeting accommodations. Co-ordinate meetings, make reports, presentation, minutes and distribution. 
C R E D E N T I A L S 
EDUCATION: MBA (Human Resource) 
Chandigarh Group Of Colleges, Landran,Mohali (2013) B.Com SD College, Ambala (KU), (2011) 12th (Commerce) 
Convent OF Jesus And Mary,Ambala Cantt (CBSE,2008) 10th Convent OF Jesus 
And Mary,Ambala Cantt (CBSE,2008) 
