DINESH MARWAH 
H-59 Rajouri Garden, New Delhi-110027 dineshmarwah@yahoo.co.in 
Mobile: +91 9999771616 
DoB : 29th July 1987 PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE: 
At NPCI & ICICI Bank Ltd. 
National Payments Corporation of India (NPCI): October 2012 - current Current Role: 
Product Development and Relationship Management Role - Since July 2013, a part of the NACH Debit Product and the relationship management Team at NPCI, working on all the products of NPCI like IMPS, RuPay, NACH, CTS with special focus on the NACH 
(Debit, Credit, Aadhar based remittance, Non-Aadhar based remittances) product, Mandate 
Management System and Dispute Management System of the NACH, which are both market leaders in their respective segments. This system has been launched with a view to ensuring onboarding of banks to debit products of NPCI s NACH application. (Mandate Management System and ACH Debit Transaction system). 
Responsible for Relationship Management for major Public, Private and Foreign Sector Banks in India. 
Following up with the banks post onboarding on the system and ensuring an increase in count of transactions regularly. Acting as single point of contact for these banks in case of any issues and clarification required and ensuring to resolve this ASAP. 
Keeping in constant touch with the banks in case they face any issues/ need clarity on anything on the NACH system while they upload/download and process transactions. Ensuring the system is accessible to all without any errors/ issues coming in, in case of any, co-ordinate with the technology teams internally for quick closure. 
Monitoring and evaluation of Operations and follow up with banks and reaching out to various internal and external stake holders for escalations and resolutions of operational and technical issues. 
Ensuring compliance and regulatory rules and regulations pertaining to ECS/RECS/NECS in India and other regulatory guidelines of key markets, especially in the domain of ACH. 
Responsible for implementing the dispute management application DMS (Dispute Management system), resolving disputes within TAT for banks and other Organizations. 
Designation: Deputy Manager Business Development and Product Management 
Associated with NPCI right from the inception of the NACH project. Worked closely and implemented the NACH system, Mandate Management System (MMS) and Dispute Management Systems (DMS) since inception. 
Worked at Product level, Testing and the UAT teams. Thoroughly tested the NACH Application, both at the front-end (user level) and at the back-end, technology level. Was a part of the MIS reporting team doing UAT for Intellview Reporting Application, an automated application which is used for generating reports on NACH like standard, ad-hoc and tailor made reports based on customer demand. Experience of testing close to 200 reports on the Intelliview application at NPCI. 
Tested the National Automatic Clearing House application. Coordinated for the observations raised with respective teams internally and externally. Implemented the corrections. Collaborated with teams to switch to the live (production) platform (during application testing phase). 
Tested new functionalities and patches released to application in UAT. Ensuring requirements are met and providing sign off for the same timely. Enabling movement of functionality/ modules and patches to production system. 
DINESH MARWAH 
H-59 Rajouri Garden, New Delhi-110027 dineshmarwah@yahoo.co.in 
Mobile: +91 9999771616 
DoB 
: 29th July 1987 Post NACH go live, played a part of the operations and the product team with additional responsibility of testing too. Being a part of the product team, shouldered responsibilities for successful transaction processing end-to-end by Banks on the NACH system. This involved huge Co-ordination with all banks, aggregators, third parties, members and other government and financial entities on the transaction part of the 
NACH System, ensuring that they do not face any issues while they process their transactions on the NACH platform. 
Coordinating with UIDAI, a partner with NPCI in processing aadhar based transactions through the NPCIs NACH system. Ensuring that there are no delays in their transaction process, ensuring the right training to be given to the teams outside and making them aware of the system functionalities and processes. 
Responsible for end-to-end Clearing and Settlement, reconciliation Processes of Automated clearing house transactions. 
Responsible for generation of end-to-end reports in co-ordination with the ops team; daily and monthly publishing reports to the senior management internally at NPCI, UIDAI, Department of Financial services (DFS) and Ministry of Finance and other government agencies and various other departments on regular basis. 
New Product Development at NPCI : Currently working with teams for development of Digital Wallets Internet and Mobile based , NFC technology for RuPay cards, EMV certification of RuPay cards. All these 3 products in pilot phase with one of the major banks in the ecosystem. 
Cashless Campus Model- This is a model where a bank ties up with a college/ university in India , issued RuPay cards to the students and faculties which can be used by them in their college canteen to pay bills, to pay tuition fees, as an attendance capturing system and on ATMs and POS terminals also. We are working on this model also with the regulator and various banks. 
ICICI Bank Ltd: November 2010 till -October 2012 
Role: Assistant Manager- Retail Branch Banking 
Handled Clearing Process (inward/outward), Electronic clearing service (ECS), transfers, RTGS and NEFT operations etc. 
Handled customer service escalations for ICICI Bank branches in New Delhi and Rajasthan and providing a resolution for the same; ensuring branch operations to be cent percent compliant as per RBI norms. 
Ensured all customer and corporate requests to be resolved within the prescribed Turn Around Time (TAT) of the bank. 
Managing banking processes, procedures and controlling risk at branches by ensuring Anti Money 
Laundering (AML) & Know-your-customer (KYC) guidelines and setting them in place. 
Ensuring achievement of Business volumes and targets of the branch in terms of CASA, Deposits and Third 
Party Products like Mutual Fund, Life Insurance and General Insurance, both by fresh customer acquisitions and increasing existing customer base. 
Role: Probationary officer: Feb2010 Oct 2010 Undergone intensive classroom training program at ICICI Manipal Academy (A constituent center of the Manipal University), Bangalore. DINESH MARWAH 
H-59 Rajouri Garden, New Delhi-110027 dineshmarwah@yahoo.co.in 
Mobile: +91 9999771616 
DoB : 29th July 1987 The entire program being divided into 3 trimesters imparting general and core banking knowledge in retail and investment banking domains. 
Knowledge of basic IT (Open office), General Management, Macroeconomics, Basics of retail banking as bank accounts, debt and equity linked instruments as forwards, futures and swaps. 
Knowledge of various banking regulatory bodies like RBI, Banking ombudsman. 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION: 
Year Institute Degree CGPA/% 
2010-2011 ICICI Manipal Academy, Manipal University, Bangalore 
Post Graduate 
Diploma in Banking 
CGPA 6.93/ 10 2005 -2009 Jaypee Institute of Information Technology 
University (JIITU) 
B.Tech 
(Electronics and Communication) 62% 2004-2005 
Army Public School 
Senior Secondary 
(Non Medical) 75.2% 2002-2003 
Army Public School 
Secondary (Generic ) 
80.2% 
CERTIFICATIONS AND TRAININGS: 
NSE's Certification In Financial Markets(NCFM)- NSDL-Depository Operations Module. 
Sales Trainee at Reliance Communications Ltd for 3 months from May 2006 to July 2006. Trained on making cold calls and visits to clients, generating new leads and hence generating broadband and mobile phone business for the organisation. 
Sales Trainee at Sify Broadband for the period May 2007 to July 2007.Generated business for Sify s broadband packages across North Delhi territory . 
EXTRA-CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES: 
Member of Jaypee Youth Club (JYC) at Jaypee Institute of Information Technology University for year 2008-09. 
Lead the non- technical events team for conducting various events such as fashion shows, talk shows etc. 
Head of the discipline committee in school in class 12. 
