Page 1 of 4 Professional Profile 
More than 20 years of experience with 17 years (dual-profile) as Executive Assistant to MD alongwith additional responsibility (since 2013) as Manager (Admin). 
During the professional journey, also got some short-period (4-5 years) responsibilities of commercial department such as invoice control, preparation of Price Variation invoices etc, MIS 
Reporting. All these responsibilities were discharged alongwith primary responsibility of EA to MD. 
Additionally, handled IT operations of Delhi office network (60 computers) with support from Company s internal IT Department in Spain. 
Socially under-qualified 
(as per society norms of education) 
Professionally an asset: 
loyal, faithful, trustworthy, team player (as per Managements I ever worked for) Personally highly efficient, energetic, sincerely dedicated, truly hardworking cool & calm mind (as per personal ability) Summary of Qualifications  Completed Two years Diploma course in Computer Software 
Application from Uptron ACL (1994). 
 Passed 12th in 1994 from National Open School. 
 Passed 10th in 1990 from CBSE. 
Professional Experience 1) Working for 17 yrs as Executive Assistant to MD-cum-Manager 
(Admin) in Inabensa Bharat Pvt Ltd. (a subsidiary of Spanish 
MNC, Instalaciones Inabensa S.A.) since March 2001. 
2) Worked for 6 years as Head(EDP) in Solar Engineering Pvt Ltd. from 1995 to Jan 2001. 
Skills 
- Good interpersonal skills - Good oral and written communication skills - Ability of self-correspondence 
- Independent working with judgement and initiative - Fluent in English and Hindi with good general spelling ability 
- Proficient in computers with good typing speed - Knowledge of MS-Office (Word, Excel, Powerpoint), Lotus 
Notes, Outlook - Multi-task under pressure/deadlines Madhup Bhatnagar 
Akanksha , T-62, Street no 2, Shukkar Bazar, Uttam Nagar, New Delhi 110059 
Cell : 9811346260, madhupb@hotmail.com 
Born : 30 January 1975 
Marital Status : Single 
Languages : Hindi and English 
Twitter : @bmadhup 
Page 2 of 4 
Job Profile: a) As Executive Assistant to MD 
Giving administrative support to MD on daily basis. 
Managing confidential issues and responding to mails & phone calls on behalf of MD 
Reviewing memos and reports, conducting research, creating presentations Co-ordinate meetings of MD and making travel arrangements Supporting global Directors visiting India from time to time b) General administration Managing all maintenance work at Head Office. 
Propose and manage any modification or alteration required for office. 
Responsible for installation of new equipment such as A/C, office furniture, computers, printers, fax etc. 
Managing Annual maintenance contracts. 
Coordinate to obtain quotations from different suppliers for all admin related purchases. 
Analysing comparative statement for the same before selecting the vendor. 
c) Travel Desk and Event Management 
To monitor and initiate appropriate actions for execution of requests related to new visa / passport applications. 
Apply visas for corporate guests and Executives. 
Booking Hotels Rooms for guests. 
Monitor booking of airline tickets for staff and Executives. 
Analyzing and approving travel claims for staff. 
Co-ordinate for event management. 
Booking of Banquet Halls for Events/ conferences/ sales meeting. 
d) Transport Management 
Managing contracts with car rental agencies for leased vehicles and the ongoing management of their account and associated operational issues. 
Arrangement of car as per rental requirements of staff. 
e) Facilities Management 
Supervising activities related to housekeeping, infrastructure management, facilities planning & utilization of resources. 
Developing vendors and negotiating with them for timely procurement of materials at favourable terms. 
Managing AMCs pertaining to upkeep of office equipment, ensuring compliance with the Service Level Agreements by the vendors. 
Page 3 of 4 Achievements 
- Reduced printing cost by introducing hi-power multifunction printer on rental-basis. Reduction in printing volume using tracking options in printer to track individuals for overprinting. 
- Reduction in paper consumption by encouraging users for taking double-sided print. Also configured an old printer to use rough sheets (blank side of one-sided printed paper) for internal use. After initial reluctance from some senior Executives, Management appreciated the practice. - Reduction in electricity consumption by setting example of switching-off lights when not required (eg. vacant conference room, during lunch time). Later, other staff followed the same. 
- Local Management assigned the duty to assist President of Abengoa Group (Spanish conglomerate and parent company of Instalaciones Inabensa S.A.) during his visits to India. 
Exclusive person out of total staff of 60 in Delhi office to get this assignment year after year. 
- Signed contract with 5-star hotel at special rate at par with 3-star hotel. This resulted in company savings to the tune of lakhs of rupees due to heavy volume of business to the hotel. - Reduction in travel cost by hiring 3 ticketing agencies with distributed volume of business and creating competition for every travel itinerary. Special savings on international travel. 
- Managed renovation of office 4000 sq.ft. and extension of office for additional 2000 sq.ft. 
- Groomed members of own team to believe in themselves to take-up challenging assignments thereby increasing their market value resulting in good appraisals. 
- Despite being under-qualified, I have been able to prove my worth in MNC for more than 15 years with continual growth and recognition by the Local as well as Foreign Management. I discharged my duties mainly in the role of Executive Assistant to MD, however, as Management recognized my ability to handle any work with efficiency, I got various extra assignments time & again which were completed by me to the fullest satisfaction of my superiors. Local as well as Foreign Directors of the company have always appreciated me in front of whole staff for loyalty, dedication and hard work with result oriented activities. My colleagues have also been appreciative of me and value my opinion for their personal as well as professional issues. 
Traits/attributes 
A self-motivated individual as well as a team player having professionalism, enthusiasm and practical approach. 
Trust worthy person with willingness to learn and capability of dealing with constant challenges and leading changes. 
Target oriented performer who is good at multitasking and time management with good prioritization skills, thereby making it easier to perform under pressure and meet deadlines. 
Have the ability to grasp business and functional processes and adapt new requirements, besides tremendous urge to continually broaden personal and professional horizon. 
Page 4 of 4 
References : 
A) Instalaciones Inabensa S.A., Spain (Parent company of Inabensa Bharat Pvt Ltd) 1) Mr Gonzalo Gomez Garcia, Global Head (email : ggomez@abengoa.com) 
2) Mr Santiago Cabezas Carbonell, Business Head (email : santiago.cabezas@abengoa.com) 
3) Mr Julio Artillo Grau , CFO (email : julio.artillo@abengoa.com) 4) Ms Maria Reyes Barrientos Garcia, Legal Head (email : reyes.barrientos@abengoa.com) 
B) Inabensa Bharat Private Limited, New Delhi 1) Mr Rajesh Kumar Jha, MD (cell no 9958699655, email : rajesh.jha@abengoa.com) 2) Mr G.C. Tather, Ex-MD (cell no 9810129655, email : gc_sund@yahoo.co.in) 
C) Solar Engineering Private Limited (now closed) 1) Mr R. Rejikumar, Director/Proprietor (cell no 9811548584, email : reji@rejikumar.com) 
