praghadeesh@live.com 
+919791583828 Curriculum vitae. 
Personal Particulars 
Name : Praghadeesh Sankaran. Date of Birth : November 11th 1992. 
Mailing Address : Guruanugraha , 43/44, K.G. Layout, Sabapathy Street, K.K. Pudur, Coimbatore-641038. Tamil Nadu, INDIA. 
Phone : +91-9791583828. 
E-mail : praghadeesh@live.com 
LinkedIn : 
in.linkedin.com/pub/praghadeesh-Sankaran/63/443/365 Passport Number : H7387501 
Education 
Degree/ Examination Institute Year % Master of Computer Application. Dr. G. R. D. College of Science, Coimbatore. 2015 73 Bachelors of Science in Information Technology. 
P. S. G. College of Arts and Science, Coimbatore. 
2013 72 Higher Secondary School (XII) Bharathi M. H. S. S., Coimbatore. 2010 85 
SSLC (X) Bharathi M. H. S. S., Coimbatore. 2008 70 
Communication Proficiency 
Fluent in English and Tamil, can read and write French. 
Computer Proficiency 
Languages Known : C, SQL, PL/SQL, HTML, Core Java. 
Tools 
: ORACLE 10G, ORACLE 11G, Forms & Reports, Eclipse. 
Achievements 
Part of Microsoft Student Partner and Windows UCREW Program 
Active member with Digital Literacy, Initiative of CBEUG. 
Intern with Oracle Financial Services Software. 
Diploma Course on Oracle 11G (PL-SQL/SQL/Forms and Reports). 
Participated on Indian Institute of Technology (IIT) Rorkee tech-fest and have won for Android App 
Development. 
Areas of interest 
UI/UX Designing, Web Development, Big data Analytics, SEO, Digital Marketing, DBMS, Oracle 11G, Software Development, Mobile Computing, Artificial Intelligence, Networking and Hardware. 
praghadeesh@live.com 
+919791583828 Major Subjects 
Web Designing, Oracle 11G, ASP.NET, Database Management Systems, Open Source Software, Software Project Management, Software Testing, Data Structures and Algorithms, Object Oriented 
Programming, Operating Systems. 
Internship Employee Project Allocation and Tracking. Dec-Mar 14 Oracle Financial Services Software, 
Chennai. 
The aim is to build up an effective resource allocation technique for the project resources. 
Management of resources for effective usage in the projects. 
Design a web application with easy user interface. 
Effective Web Interface using HTML5, CSS, and JavaScript. 
PL/SQL a procedural oracle database. 
Professional Experience 
Software Engineer. Oct 16 - Till Date VirtusaPolaris, Chennai. 
Job role: Developing Banking application for the Mutual Fund services of Citi Bank India. 
Working on implementation of GST (Goods and Services Tax) on mutual funds transactions. 
Credit Card statement enhancements with the effect to the GST. 
Transaction level Tax changes on Cards and Mutual Funds modules. 
Technical Engineer. Dec 15-July 16 Zoho Corporation, Chennai. 
Job role: Responsible for engaging and interacting with user on Zoho Mail Product. 
Help users setup domain mail accounts. 
Assist on configuring mail sever related features (MX Record, SPF and Spam Filtering). 
Analyzing logs and performing optimization on mail delivery (IMAP and POP Protocols). 
Client Interaction. 
IT Associate. May-Nov 
15. 
Pragaashri Systems, Coimbatore. 
Job role: Installation and Maintenance of Applications, Database and Website maintenance. 
Have managed their hardware requirements, administered their networks. 
I hereby declare that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Praghadeesh Sankaran. 
