Rakesh Nagpal 
Telephone: (Mobile) +91 9886673019 
Email: rakeshnagpal1982@gmail.com 
Key Skills: Sales & Marketing, Advertising & Events, Public Relations, Brand 
Total Years of Experience: 13 years. 
Current Industry: FMCG 
Current Functional Area: Marketing and Sales 
Current Location: Bangalore 
Location Preference: Any 
Summary of Skills and Experience 
A Sales & Marketing professional with 13 years of experience in Brand 
Management, Event Management, Public Relations and Sales. 
An efficient planner with expertise in planning, executing & spearheading various projects within the gamut of marketing, sales and branding. 
Acquires a clear understanding of the industry/business and trends with the distinction of instituting new practices or enhance existing processes to achieve business excellence at the lowest overall costs. 
Proven skills in managing distributed teams to work in sync with set parameters & motivating them to achieve business and individual goals. 
A thorough professional with a proactive attitude, capable of thinking in and out of the box, generating new design solutions and ideas. 
An effective communicator with exceptional relationship management skills with the ability to relate to people at any level of business and management. 
Work Summary 
HouseJoy (Sarvaloka On Call Services Pvt Ltd (April 2016 
Till date) 
Designation: National Activation Manager 
Responsible for complete BTL activation across the country. 
Driving Brand recall through consumer Engagement activities. 
Finance & Resource Planning and Management for all activities in the country Responsible for all Events, Client Servicing, Expansion and Creative Planning for multiple categories. 
Paradigm Business Consulting & Paradigm Events & Marketing Solution (Aug 2010 April 2016) 
Designation: National Business Head 
Responsible for the new line and venture of the business Paradigm Business 
Consulting (Dealing in B2B sales and marketing for S&M business across the globe). Providing qualified business opportunities. 
Consulting on sales and marketing for Indian origin companies looking to provide services and support in the US Market 
Responsible for all Events, Client Servicing, Expansion and Creative Planning and market strategizing for multiple brands across India 
Finance & Resource Planning and Management 
Artist Management of Djs & Bands and Production Requirement for contracted venues. 
Key Achievements 
New Line of B2B business strategy to enhance company revenue, (new Business venture tie ups, Business Development , recruit, operate and deliver to business plan) 
FY 14-15 , set a revenue target of 30,00,000 INR (Achieved revenue 35,00,000 INR) 
BTL activation for K7 Antivirus across South India.(2012) Corporate Events for Multiple companies Dell, Accenture, HSBC, ASCENDAS and many more. (2012) Astrix ( International Dj) 
Performance in Bangalore (2013) HPI Racing - RC Championship 6 Cities 
(Ultimate Remote Rage Mayhem ) Peregrine Racing 
Off Road Mania 
Dell annual management meet 2011 
YPO annual get together 2011 (Dj Aqueel) Radisson Beach Volleyball Corporate Challenge 
Pre Event Activity for Vodafone Lewis Hamilton Tour 
Akshaya Navy Queen 2010 (Indian Navy) Radisson 2010 New year event (Casino Royale) 
Red Bull India Pvt Ltd (July 2007- Aug 2010) 
Narang Hospitality Services Pvt Ltd (Nov 2006 July 2007) 
Designation: Field Marketing Manager (South) 
Responsible for the marketing strategy (ATL & BTL) for South of India 
Resource Management across all cities under my purview. 
Maximizing the brand exposure at various cultural and sports events. 
Ensuring that the sales team and the organization meet the required ROI on all marketing events. 
Implementing various National Plans across the Southern Region. 
Building a strong database of contacts in various fields. 
PAN India Sport Event Manger ensured that all sporting events sponsored by Red Bull are handled efficiently. 
Responsible for all cricket activities that happen in Bangalore, Chennai & Hyderabad 
In Charge of all Motorsports activities across India. 
Regional Event Management Organizing events for Redbull for the entire Southern Region of India 
Liaison between the Marketing and the sales team to ensure follow through. 
Responsible for Red Bull Corporate Activities that happen in the region with events and brand building activities. 
Responsible for all brand related activities at social gatherings. 
Relationship Management with HORECA. 
Artiste Management 
Vendor Management 
Key Achievements 
Chirs Pfeiffer India Tour 2010 
my team handled logistics, permissions, media and the event across various cities in South India. 
Up Country sales increased by 25% 
Increased Media Mileage by leveraging contacts and networking. 
Sales numbers increased by 60%. 
David Coultard F1 show run - 2009 Sealink Mumbai, Had an opportunity to work on a Mega Brand Building event in Mumbai. An opportunity to work closely with the International team, and was in charge of Production and coordination between the agency and our Higher ups. 
Initiated Corporate Sales (Alternate Channel) through various activities e.g. 
Red Bull Lounge, F1 Simulation etc. 
In return impacting Off take volumes. 
Increased visibility of the brand by ensuring presence at all major events and activities therefore increased off take. 
Enhanced brand loyalty with existing opinion leaders (Indian Athletes & Artist) by supporting them during international events. 
Organized the Corporate Karting Challenge for Cognizant at Cognizant 
ICICI OneSource Ltd. Bangalore (May 2003 October 2006) 
Designation: Subject Matter Expert 
Handled a team of 15 members who were responsible for telesales. 
Recruiting and training new hires Drive performance to achieve goals based on Client specified SLAs. 
Responsible for compliance for all processes and policies. 
Client call calibrations to ensure implementation of pre-defined quality standards 
Relaying customer feedback and recommend enhancements to the management. 
Analyze team performance in comparison with other teams. 
Reward Management 
Motivating the agents through various Rewards and Recognition schemes Responsible for implementing innovative Rewards and Recognition schemes Retention 
Attrition analysis on weekly, monthly, quarterly basis to study trends and form action plan for retention Counseling agents who plan to attrite 
MIS 
Generate reports on performance statistics for the project and target deviations on a daily, weekly and monthly basis Generate attrition analysis and absenteeism report on a daily, weekly and monthly basis 
Generating shift reports. 
Key Achievements 
Best Sales Team for the year Star Certificate as best Team Leader for 6 months in a row. 
Team with the lowest absenteeism for 1 quarter Best improved team (Training team to Operations) 
Manager of the year ( all targets achieved for the 12 months in row ) 
Yellow belt project on reducing the AHT 
U.S Pizza (Mar 1999 Jul 1999) 
Designation: Delivery Boy (Received the highest amount of sales ever earned by anyone in U.S 
Pizza for a day) 
Additional Professional Training Received 
Advanced Voice and accent training for Team Leaders. 
People skills training. 
Leadership skills training. 
Train to Retain program. 
I - One star training. Attended an in-house 3 days program on 
Train to 
Retain . 
Workshop on 'Performance management'. 
People Management Training 
Communication Enhancement Camp 
Sales and Merchandizing college Branding and Logo utility with restriction workshop. 
Marketing sales and communication day camp 
ACADEMIC INFORMATION 
Bachelors Degree in Commerce Baldwin s Methodist College 
PUC Stracey s Memorial Pre University College 
SSLC Schooling from Army School Bangalore & Stracey s Memorial School 
Also proficient in: 
MS-Office CMS supervisor Verint Call Monitoring Device 
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
Played for the college Football team and Basketball Team 
Interested in planning and organizing events. 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
D.O.B: January 05, 1982 
Address :140/1, Kagadasapura Main Road, C. V Raman Nagar Post, Bangalore 560 093 
Phone No: 91 80 2524 0059 / +91 9886673019 
E-mail: rakeshnagpal1982@gmail.com 
Languages Known: English, Hindi, Kannada, and Tamil. 
