Kashi Ram 
E Mail: kashirawal@gmail.com 
( +91-9341838320 Career Objective 
Seeking a quality environment where my knowledge and experience can be shared and enriched in building the organization and a challenging position. In order to achieve the above objective, I constantly peruse myself to attain skills & extend my support. 
Areas of Expertise 
A competent professional with around 12 years of experience in the field of Accounting. 
Presently working with Fairdeal Consumer Durables Pvt. Ltd. as Accounts Manager. 
Maintaining books of Accounts, Inventory Management. 
Leadership skills - Handling five accounts assistants and getting work done within the mean time. 
Deft in handling Sales Tax - VAT Monthly Return Filing, Assessment Work & All Sales Tax Issues. Having Knowledge of Preparing Income Tax Work, Co-ordinating with Auditors, Salary and Payroll Process, knowledge in Service Tax, Professional Tax, ESI, PF & Calculation of TDS and timely payment of TDS and generating TDS Certificates (Form 16 & 16A). 
Preparing Bank Reconciliation Statements, Vendor Reconciliation, handling declaration Forms like - C Forms & F Forms, Familiar with Invoicing through Tally Software. 
Submitting MIS Reports as per Company & Management need. 
Corresponding Mail follow-ups and handling business letters. 
Strength 
Able to work under pressure Willingness to learn Good Grasping power & Analytical Skill 
Leadership skills Self motivating, good listener & practical Organisational Experience 
I. Since July-2004 for 1 Year and 4 months as an Auditor cum Accounts Assistant with 
M/s. K.Ravindranath & Co. [Chartered Accountants] 
#812, 2nd Floor,Kevala Building,17th E Main, Rajaji Nagar (http://yellowpages.sulekha.com/bangalore/rajaji-nagar/allcategory.aspx" \o "Rajaji Nagar Yellow Pages),Bengaluru-560010. Nature of Work Done 
Maintaining books of Accounts 
Purchase, Sales, Cash Book, Bank Book, Journals, Credit and Debit Notes. 
Handling & verifying day to day accounting transactions. 
TDS monthly remittance. 
Filing of monthly Sales Tax Returns of Clients. 
And All Data Entry Works relating to Accounts. 
Bank Audit done State Bank of India 
Rajajinagar 5th Block and Mahadevapura Branches. 
II. November-2005 for 1 year 9 Months as an Accountant with 
M/s. Randhir Trading Corporation 
[Larsen & Tourbo, Crompton Greaves & Finolex Cables Stockist] #60, 1st Floor, Shoukath Building, SJP Road, Bengaluru-560002. 
Nature of Work Done 
Handling day to day Accounts 
Purchase, Sales, Cash Book, Bank Book, Journals, Credit and Debit Notes. 
Maintaining Inventory Books, Handling Declaration forms, Reconciliation Bank Book. 
Monthly Returns - VAT, Service Tax, TDS, PT Returns. 
MIS Reports to Proprietor. 
III. August-2007 to till - as an Accounts Manager with 
M/s. Fairdeal Consumer Durables Pvt. Ltd. 
[Micromax Mobiles & Morphy Richards Distributors] #60, 3rd Cross, Lalbagh Road, Bengaluru-560027 
Nature of Work Done 
Monitoring & Ensure proper updation of Books of Accounts in line with the Company. 
Handling five accounts assistants and getting work done within the mean time - Team management in day to day accounting 
Maintaining Inventory Books, Handling Declaration forms, Reconciliation Bank Book on daily basis. 
Monthly & Annual Returns - VAT, Service Tax, PT, TDS, PF & ESI Returns. 
All Income Tax & Sales Tax work, Interaction with Auditors and Commercial Tax Officers. 
Statutory Compliance & Labour Laws Annual Return and Maintaining proper records like wages register, leave register, appointment letters, salary slips etc.. 
Co-ordinating with Company Secretariat for filing of Annual Returns to Registrar of Companies. Preparation of fortnightly Debtors & Creditors Ageing Analysis & Reconciliation. 
Reconciling of Inter-company (Branch Accounts), Handling 4 Branches including Head Office. 
Handling Inter-company queries and addressing the same in time. 
Prepare Financial Statements MIS Report (Monthly, Quarterly and Yearly Basis. This includes Profit & Loss Account and Balance Sheet for various operation heads and directors) 
Preparing and comparing projected Profit & Loss account with the actual and reporting reason for the same and suggest corrective measured for improvement. 
VAT Computation with monthly VAT Returns and uploading necessary statements in Sales Tax Portals 
Other all Accounts related works to keep accounts spic and span. 
Tracking and updation of online sales and bulk data Sales Report, Collection Report, Customer issues etc.. (Online dealing with Amazon.in, Flipkart, Snapdeal & e-bay) Computer Awarness 
Tally Accounting Software Versions 
5.4, 6.3, 7.2 & Tally.ERP9 
Microsoft Windows 2007, MS Office MS Word, MS Excel 
Generating Pivotal Table, V-Lookup etc and other excel formulas.. 
Internet Browsing, Outlook Express etc.. Senior Type Writing in English. 
Education 
M.Com (Regular) from Manasa Gangothri, University of Mysore, Mysore Completed Year 2003 
B.Com from Vijaya First Grade College, Mandya 
Completed Year 2001 Personal Details 
Father Name : Late: Prem Bahadur 
Address : #9/4, 2nd Floor, 9th Cross, Byrasandra, Jayanagar 1st Block, Bengaluru-560011. 
Date of Birth : 08th October, 1979 Marital Status : Married 
Languages Known : English, Hindi & Kannada 
Nationality : Indian 
Date: Kashi Ram 
Place: Bengaluru 
