GYAN PRAKASH QA/TEST MANAGER|CSM|Six Sigma|ITIL V3 Foundation SOFTWARE QUALITY/TEST MANAGEMENT | AGILE PROJECT MANAGEMENT | PRODUCT RELEASE MANAGMENT 
Career Objective 
Looking for new challenges in career with an es- teemed organization, who can provide better opportunities of career progression and learning, as well as utilize my expertise & experiences with proper recognition of effort and initiatives. 
Career Summary 
A multi-skilled and accomplished S/W Professional with 15+ years of progressive experience in e2e 
PDLC with people, product and project management. 
Quite diversified by roles, responsibilities, technolo- gy and domain working with the world s renowned 
S/W product companies following Agile-scrum, Ex- treme, SFE TDD & waterfall methodology. 
Few recent achievements with current org IBSL: - 1. Involved in e-2e Product life cycle development which comprises of idea generation & screening, Extensive Research, Usability Engineering, Proto- typing & Development, Testing & QA, Documentation, Porting, Training, Sales Support, Deployment, Technical Support, Maintenance and Performance Engineering. 
2. Turnaround of ineffective/stalled test org where driven Org-wide effort of setting-up Test Center of excellence (TCOE) from scratch successfully. 3. Derived & established QMS (QA/SEPG team) set- up where introduced industry proven best prac- tices, standards, processes and methodologies as per identified gaps and improvement areas, in mutual agreement with cross functional team. 
4. For QMS, defined 5 methodologies followed by different workgroup like S/W Development 
Methodology, Project Management Methodology, S/W Testing Methodology, QA Methodology & Defect Management Methodology. 
Above initiatives helped to minimize rework signifi- cantly and enhance the predictability of on-time, on- budget, high quality delivery/releases. It ended-up in delighting the customers. 
Before IBSL, worked with Microsoft for around 7 years and few achievements include: 1. Provided technical and authoritative guidance to both in house & 3rd party vendor test teams. 
2. Reduced Test cycle time to 1/3rd by rapid test- automation and defect leakage to less than 3%. 
I began my career as s/w developer and ac- quired solid foundation in coding, design and automation testing with release management. In this journey, I gained hands on expertise/experiences in different automation tools and framework for Func- tional, Performance and security testing. 
Areas of Expertise/Core-Competencies Managerial/Leadership Abilities 
QA Management where leaded Internal Pro- cess/Product Audit, then suggested Corrective as well as Preventive Actions. 
KPI and Scorecard Development Software Test Program/Project Management 
o Process design and implementation o Test Strategies for enterprises and projects o Rapid Project Risks assessment to identify roadblocks and process issues. 
o Org level Change Management and team level conflict management o Insured all test plans comply with company guidelines, standards and regulations. 
Certified Scrum Master (CSM) with 4+ Years of experience in Agile Coaching. 
Excellent influential, Customer and Stakeholder 
Management skill Expertise in project and test problem solving Recruitment, Training, Coaching and Mentoring 
Building and leading high-performance teams from scratch through Recruitment, Training, coaching, mentoring and Reward Recognition. 
Designing and facilitating custom training work- shops and classes at Organizational level for Continuous Improvement. 
Professional Skills and Expertise 
I am certified Lean Six Sigma Green Belt (CLSSGB) 
tester with experience in defining dif- ferent test strategy, approaches and techniques. 
From 6+ years using agile practices to develop 
S/W solutions. 
Expertise in MS Office tools, MS project, Visio, SmartSheet and reporting tools. 
Ability to quickly learn applications/Domain with minimal documentation and having a flexi- ble attitude with positive approach Functional, Performance Automation, System, Security and UAT Testing experience Experience on Business, Technical and Func- tional Requirements documentation & analysis. 
Business Domain Experience 
Healthcare 
Pre-Clinical Trial & research 
Enterprise resource management 
Storage management Electronic 
Data and S/W distribution management 
Data Center Transformation & Optimization 
Data Management 
Telecom 
Finance 
Banking E-Learning 
Azure-Cloud/Internet E-Commerce 
Mobility E-MAIL: gyanonline@hotmail.com gyanonline@yahoo.co.in 
Contact No. : +91-0-9866591669 +91-0-9959666685 
Technology Exposure 
Microsoft Azure 
Windows7/8, Windows 2008/12 Server 
Linux 
UNIX 
Mainframe DB2 iMac 
SQL Server2008 
/12 
DataWarehouse 
Data Analytics 
Oracle 10g 
MS Office 2010/13 VSTS 
MTM 2010/12 TFS2008/10/12 
Xira 
Selenium 
JMeter CodedUI 
QTP 9.2 
Win Runner 7.0 
Quality Center9.2 
Startrek OpenSTA MS Project 
MS Visio 
SoapUI 
Net 3.5/4.0/4.5 
VMware 
Hyper-V 
C/C++ 
CORE JAVA 
TeamViewer 
Eclipse IDE 
Cenzic 
Professional/Work Experiences 
Indus Business systems Ltd(IBSL), Hyderabad QA/QC Manager From Nov 2013 to present 
Role: Org wide QMS Vertical management 
IBSL is a subsidy of Keys Solutions Inc. (KSI), US and providing S/W Solutions for Pre-clinical research protocol management, Research Grant management, Animal ordering and Animal health record management under Healthcare drug-discovery domain whose client-base include top Institutions and organizations working in drug discovery and clinical research area. As QA/QC Manager heading the org-wide Quality vertical where handling - QA/SEPG/Process compliance management Derived the QMS set-up initiative for preventive mechanism. Here managed the release process monitor- ing/inspection/audits through SEPG/QA team to ensure compliance, then analyze non-conformances found in audit report for quick corrective actions & future preventive measures as well as future scope optimization. 
Defined different development methodologies need to be followed by different team as per their product ma- turity for on-time delivery of hotfixes/monthly/quarterly product releases with high quality. 
Organizes training for various methodologies then Coached, counseled team regarding job expectations as per methodologies before enforcing discipline across teams. 
Collect and analyzed the statistical data with trends to identify current baseline standards then establish fu- ture quality and standard expectancy. 
Act as an internal evangelist for S/W quality and striving for world-class software quality. 
Test Management Manage budgets and resources for the Test team, defined team roles/responsibilities and setting-up goals and objectives (G&O) as per org priorities. 
Identify and develop high performers, then proactively manages poor performance through effective perfor- mance reviews and feedback. 
Following up for outstanding open test risks/issues then update test progress to stakeholders. Also, compile test metrics, identify test approaches and best practices to optimize delivery schedule. 
Persuasively champions change; takes ownership for communicating the vision and rationale for change. 
Arranging team meetings and Training workshops. Also advising team on following Testing best practice. 
In parallel, wore other role-hats as well time to time, as per org need & insuring end to end quality, like Agile Coach/Scrum Master: 
Work with Product Owners & development team for agile adoption. Trained/coached them in Agile/Scrum practices, and facilitating Scrum ceremonies. 
Promote agile practices, Tools, documentation and metrics, here analyzed/review the projects/release pro- cess effectiveness and defined actions for better quality, predictability and efficiency improvements. 
Establish metrics & tools to achieve predictability for high quality S/W release in a fast paced environment. 
Release Management: 
Worked for early release definition and scope negotiation then scheduling, tracking & control the releases. It involves configuration & change management with release risk assessment & management. 
On Test Architect side: 
Refined Org test strategies, enforced industry best practices and guided the team in using tools for automa- tion framework development. Act as a guide in using Selenium & BadBoy tool for functional automation, JMeter for load/performance test suite development and Cenzic tool for Security testing. 
Adopted TestComplete and VMWare which helped in compatibility testing of products on different platform, configuration like - Windows, Linux, SQL server, Oracle, Web, Desktop and Mobile quickly. 
Also helped the team in better test planning & estimation process for enhance test coverage in minimum time. 
It helped to minimizes the defect leakage and Test cycle time reduction by 60% on release to release basis. 
Defined roadmap for development and testing of multiple in-house products/tools like client enablement tool, dynamic form management (DFM) tools. 
Determine which tests to perform when like Functional, UI testing, performance, security, installation, Internationalization(I18N)/Globalization testing, compatibility, load/stress testing and data integrity. 
Mentor and lead the Testers to develop a customer-focused vision for better quality and examine the test cas- es and results to identify redundant tests. 
Analyze metrics to determine the effectiveness of the testing effort and the software quality level. 
Microsoft India (R&D) Pvt Ltd. Designation: Test Lead From Dec 2006 to Oct 2013 
Role: Portfolio Test Lead/Test Engineering Manager(Aug 2009 To Oct 2013) Act as product portfolio lead from Test side, for two product portfolio of MS Product & Pricing Launch (P&PL) and Deliver & Store (D&S) in resource augmentation with MS vendor Org like- Accenture, Wipro, Satyam and 
TCS. The project budget varied in between $120k $4.5 million and team size of 12 30+ testers/developers/ business resources executing the Test functions. Big-bets projects/releases helped to add capability like- new Data center set-up, Azure Cloud based data storage & delivery, strengthening data delivery mechanism, Dis- aster-Recovery (DR) capability. 
Handled e-2-e Test management of multiple project/release in parallel, Project-Dashboard-maintenance, Stake- holder/Vendor Management, offshoring, monitoring the deliveries/project status as per KPI/Metrics with team where team-mates mostly dispersed at vendor offshore locations/center. I insured proper test scoping and cover- age like -functional/non-functional, system internationalization(I18N) and localization(L10N) testing, Data integration, UAT, Post-Production Support, Managed schedule, budget constraints & technology de- pendencies; Test sign-off, Status Tracking & reporting. 
Key Accomplishments: 
Provided technical leadership & guidance in Functional automation framework development using Visual 
Studio 2008/2010 Coded UI, TFS, Visual Studio Unit Test Framework with a team of SDETs. 
Developed a Test community framework (TCF) tool to test product on different database platform. 
In D&S product portfolio, achieved 100% Regression/ BVT & 35-40% functional script automation target us- ing TCF Tool within three months which reduces Test cycle time to half. 
In Release portfolio achieved 91% Regression & BVT script Automation using CodedUI based Test Auto- mation Framework which reduces Test cycle time one third in parallel with project deliverables. 
Devise new Test strategy which helped to reduce defect leakage to less than 3% in the 3 years and reduced Test cycle time along with overall release time from 3 weeks to 1 week. 
As part of Microsoft EBC Program conducted Knowledge sharing session for enterprise customer on Cloud 
Application Testing, Storage strategies on cloud & Testing Windows Azure. 
Automated Tenant onboarding tool developed by Test team reduces onboarding time from 2 weeks to 1 Day. 
D&S Server downtime reduced from 4 hours to less than 5 minutes by automated deployment. 
Developed new resources Training plan and participated in defining/refining the test process. 
Delivered projects using the following methodologies: Waterfall, Agile, Scrum, TSP and SFE model. 
Key Achievements in Microsoft 
Get awarded 
Most Valuable Player as recognition for superior skills of problem analysis with exceptional ability to adhere to project standards and procedures. 
Got IT PRO award, IT STAR award and monthly Kudos recognition award multiple times. 
Received DeliverIT award for 3 project for improving the release quality & cost saving. 
My name was included in Microsoft wall of fame twice. 
Computer Associates (CA Inc.), Hyderabad Designation: QA Engineer From Jul 2005 to Dec 2006 
Role: Quality Assurance Engineer 
Act as a module lead and Performed testing like - Installation, Functional, Usability, internationaliza- tion(I18N) and Globalization testing Web services/API Testing, performance & automation testing using WinRunner/QTP/QC along with Defect management & Reporting 
Conducted Quality awareness and training program to ensure the compliance of standards in the Product. 
Boosted software quality by restructuring the test coverage/scope, establishing & tracking QA metrics, defin- ing new standard operating procedures for the testing in different phases of the development cycle. 
Projects: - Unicenter Workload Control System (UWCC), AutoSys Enterprise Job management System (EJM) 
Patni Computer System (PCS), Pune Designation: Software Engineer From Jan 2005 to May 2005 
Role: Test Analyst Client: AT&T, US 
Performed end to end system and module integration testing and validation for Telecom product of AT&T called EIT Data Services. 
Communicated the system status post validation 
Disha Technology, Pune Designation: Software Test Engineer From Apr 2004 to Dec 2004 
Role: Test Engineer Client: Microsoft, US 
Performed Functional automation, UI/UX, internationalization(I18N), localization(L10N) testing and Globalization testing for products like MS Office Live Meeting, MSN Passport and Window Messenger. 
Glowcom System Pvt Ltd., Pune Designation: Software Test Engineer From Oct 2001 to Mar 2004 
Role: Test Engineer Client: MusicNet Inc., US; noHold Inc., US; TELCO, Pune; Medisoft, Started as Software Development Engineer and after one and half year shifted in software testing side and performed Unit/Integration and Automation testing. 
Projects: MusicNet, CSS, MOM System; E-Marketing system (A Product); E-Learning System (A Product); Medical 
Management System 
Academic qualifications and Certifications Master of computer application (MCA) from IGNOU, New Delhi. 
B.Sc. (Zoology (H)) from St. Columba s college at Vinoba Bhave University, H.Bag. 
Certified Scrum Master(CSM : Member ID - 000350480) awarded by ScrumAlliance Group 
Scrum Fundamental certified(Cert no - 66311) through Scrum Study 
Certified Lean Six Sigma Green Belt (CLSSGB) Professional through GAQM-IAO Group 
ITIL V3 Foundation Certification through Cabinett group in IT Service Management 
Certification @Microsoft in Global Project Management. 
Trainings Microsoft ACE Certified 
Secure Application Tester and Threat analysis & Modeling(TAM) . 
Active PMI Group Member (ID: 1685024) & Completed PMP 
workshop by PMI-PCC, Hydbd(35 PDU). 
Attended Leadership Program 
Leading for Results @ Microsoft. 
On-Job Training @Microsoft in Release process & tools. 
Training @Microsoft in SFE (Scenario Focused Engineering) & SFTD (Scenarios Focus Test Design). 
Workshop/Training @Microsoft on Leading Change , Crucial Conversation , Effective Presentation , Cross Boundary Collaboration , Interpersonal Awareness and Smart Hiring . 
On-Job Training @ CA Inc. on CA Products (Unicenter Autosys, EJM and CA-7 Suite), Basic and advanced Test 
Automation training on QC/QTP 8.2/Winrunner 7.5 @ CA Inc. Test driven development, UML and UNIX @PCS, Pune by their Quality & Training Division. 
Personal Information 
Present Address : Flat No. 541-9E, Mussorie Tower, HillCounty Apartment, Hyderabad-90 
Date of Birth : 22 Mar 1977 
Passport No : N4081334 (valid till 2025) 
Visa Status : B1 Visa (valid till 2017) Interest and Hobbies : Watching Movies, Listening Light music, Reading Books, Playing Badminton/Cricket. 
Areas of Interest QA Management, Test Management, Process-compliance management, SEPG Management, Test Project 
Management, Program Management, Release Management, Delivery Management, Test Architect, Agile 
Coach, Scrum Master. 
