Rsum 
Mary Duhamel 
Page 2 Mary Duhamel 747 St. Clair Avenue W., Toronto, ON 
Tel: (416) 423-3329 mduhamel@live.ca Core Competencies 
Deadline driven Good communicator Creative problem solver Diplomatic Professional 
Objectives 
Joining a progressive company that will enable me to utilize my negotiation & people skills to successfully service clients resulting in increased productivity & custom July 2014 to September 2015 Ontario Insurance Services (Aviva Canada), Toronto, Ontario 
Personal Lines, Customer Service (call centre) 
Effectively communicating by telephone in a high-volume call-centre to resolve issues, describing programs & services to customers & when appropriate, cross-selling/up selling other Aviva products. 
Conducting a full file review for underwriting quality and risk exposure for each customer contact. 
Solidifying customer relationships through retention efforts and follow through on commitments. 
June 2012November 2013 
The Hull Group, Toronto, Ontario 
Personal Lines, Customer Service 
Broker & CSR support to VIP clients, in collaboration with Manager. 
Perusing insurance policies for accuracy, including other legal documents. 
Processing policy changes and updating client profiles using TAM. 
Researching Home & Auto quotations using Applied Systems, providing the appropriate insurance coverage to the satisfaction of the consumer. 
July 2011June 2012 
Insuranceland Inc., Mississauga, Ontario 
Personal Lines Broker/CSR 
Providing broker services via telephone (15+ incoming calls daily) & face to face contact. Preparing policy endorsements and amendments. Communicating and working with underwriters when required. 
Investigating / probing policy issues with various carriers using insurance portals- including exposure to sub-standard auto markets with placements to Jevco, Perth & The Economical group Generating new business and cross-selling. 
Initiating sales calls. 
20082011 Ontario Provincial Services (OPS) Senior Administrative Assistant 
Ministry of Health Ministry of Finance 
IT Global Securities 
Managing meetings, appointments and conferences for the Manager and Branch. 
Creating/formatting letters, memos and on-line forms, including scanning and photocopying of documents. 
Participating in special assignments involving research and the compiling of information such as: Staffing activities, training and development. 
Handling incoming calls from the public on general inquiries as it relates to the Ministry that may involve research on the intra-net. 
20072008 (contract) 
Manulife Financial (John Hancock, Distribution) Department Administrator [reporting to the Vice-President of Sales] Assistant to the Vice President of Sales & Development: 
Managing and organizing conferences, meetings and travel itinerary. 
Coordinating and submitting expenses using the concur web-based system. 
Department Administrator to the Field & Training department: 
Organizing workflow for the department. 
Processing all invoices ensuring correct G/L accounts as allocated. 
Maintaining access, security and currency of information on shared tools and databases such as web training tools, survey tools, event databases, and others as assigned. 
Providing ad hoc administrative support for functional business units who are deploying projects or dealing with peak work situations. 
20012007 providing high-level office administration: Manpower Services (contract) 
Sun Life (CSR), Ontario Cancer Research Foundation, PricewaterhouseCoopers, CIBC 
20002001 
Insidewire Services Inc. 
Administrative Assistant 
Overseeing the general administration of this web-site/e-commerce development company. 
Extensive usage of Simply Accounting including: accounts payable/receivable, account collections. 
Tracking and maintaining special web-hosting services and sales commissions. 
Assisting with account reconciliation and banking functions. 
19912000 AllSeasons Environment Control 
Marketing Assistant 
Supporting the President with organizing conferences, meetings and calendar management. 
Assisting with marketing strategies and promotions. 
Responsible for all facets of general administration to the national sales distributors. 
Maintaining and updating customer accounts. 
Computer Skills 
MS Office and Lotus Notes: Word, Excel, PowerPoint Power Broker, TAM, Applied Systems (CQ) Education 20122016 Insurance Institute of Ontario CAIB 1, CAIB 2, CAIB 3 2005 
George Brown College Technical Writing 1994 Toronto School of Business 
(diploma) Micro Computer Business Application 1989 
Humber College (diploma) Bookkeeping/Intro Accounting 
High School of Montreal, University Avenue, Montreal, Que., Grade 12 Hobbies and Interests 
Volunteering in Church literacy program Participant in March of Dimes organization 
