Page 1 of 6 SHAFEEK AHAMED 
H: +91 8903589188,9746973019 
E: shafeek.ahamed@gmail.com Sareena Nivas ,Nambali 
Nithiravilai Post ,Kanyakumari Dist TamilNadu 629154 . 
Objective: 
Working in a reputable company with a high level of professionalism, challenge and promotional opportunities Strengths; 
Excellent Time Management skills Strong Organizational Skills &Customer Service Orientation 
Follow /enforce company policies and procedures and creative problem solving skills 
Create courteous, friendly, professional work environment Provide overall direction. Co- ordination, and ongoing evolution of operations 
To be an ambassador of the company whilst on or off duty 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATION MBA Pondicherry University - 2016 BA (ENGLISH LITERATURE) 
Madurai Kamaraj University 1991 Diploma in Hotel Management & Catering Technology Madurai 1992 Personal Information 
Birth Date: 14 April 1971 
Nationality: Indian 
Residence India 
Tamil Nadu 
Marital Status: Married 
Number of Dependent s: 
3 
Religion: Islam 
Languages English, Hindi, Malayalam & Tamil 
Travel & Trade Fair Participation: 
Participated all the Trade Fair and Exhibitions held at Chennai, Bangalore, Hyderabad, Mumbai and Coimbatore, Madurai, Cochin And having constant touch with Southern Tamil Nadu and other region corporate and Travel and Tour operators 
SHAFEEK AHAMED 
Dated : 
Page 2 of 6 INDUSTRIAL CAREER EXCELLANCE: 
South Asia Hotels Ltd, Trippunithura, Cochin 
Vice President Sales and Operations 
August 2014 onwards General Manager 
The Capital Group Hotels & Resorts, Trivandrum 
October 2012 to May 2014 Creates an operating environment that assures consistent guest satisfaction. 
Monitors the performance of the hotel through verification and analysis of guest satisfaction systems and financial reports. Initiates corrective action. 
Maintains product and service quality standards by conducting ongoing evaluations and investigating complaints. Initiates corrective action. 
Develops accurate and aggressive long and short-range financial objectives consistent with the Company's mission statement. 
Prepares financial reports for management that clearly explain operational effectiveness, trends and variances. 
Establishes and maintains a pro-active human resource function to ensure employee motivation, training and development, wage and benefits administration, and compliance with established labor regulations. 
Maintains an appropriate level of community public affairs involvement. 
Executes marketing, sales, and operational activities, producing results that meet or exceed the hotel s business plan. 
Ensures good safety practices of employees and guests, assisting in the maintenance of proper emergency and security procedures. 
Establishes and maintains applicable preventive maintenance programs to protect the physical assets of the hotel. 
Implements and maintains effective open-door communication system that crosses departmental lines in order to reach all employees. 
Understands the government regulations affecting hotel s operations, ensuring hotel is operated in compliance with all applicable laws, ordinances, regulations, and requirements of any federal, state or municipal authority. 
Deals with the general public, customers, employees, union and government officials with tact and courtesy. 
Plans and organizes the work of others. 
Accepts full responsibility for managing an activity. 
Other duties as assigned by the top management. 
Page 3 of 6 Mir Hotels &Resorts -Cochin 
Manager Sales 
August 2011 to at September 2012 
(Park Central Hotel Cochin, Kayaloram Heritage Lake Resort Alleppy, The Whispering 
Meadows Munnar) 
Direct the solicitation efforts of the sales staff through effective oral and written communication while overseeing rate, date and space commitments for group room sales within the hotel Recruit, Interview, hire, train, recommend performance evaluations, resolve problems, provide open communication and recommend discipline and/or termination when appropriate Ensure training programs are conducted regularly and Company standards of performance are met. Give guidance and counsel staff toward improvement 
Compile and/or direct the preparation of reports pertaining to the operation of the Sales Department to include, but not limited to the annual and monthly forecast, marketing budget, lead management system, group booking pace report, and sales meeting minutes 
Coordinate ongoing research of the travel industry to detect market trends and related information for development of new marketing strategies. Make reasonable recommendations to improve potential from various markets Develop and conduct persuasive verbal sales presentations to prospective clients. 
Internally promote Company programs Communicate both verbally and in writing to provide clear direction to the staff Initiate preparation of computerized annual business plan and execute plans as outlined, critically examining and adjusting as deemed necessary by current market conditions Organize and/or attend scheduled sales department, executive committee, and related meetings Direct and manage all group, transient, and catering/banquet sales activities to maximize revenue for the hotel Prepare, implement and compile data for the strategic sales plan, monthly reports, annual goals, sales and marketing budget, forecasts and other reports as directed/required Develop rates, group sales and catering deployment strategies through review of competitive data, demand analysis and mix management Oversee departmental matters as they relate to federal, state, and local employment and civil rights laws 
Professionally represent the hotel in community and industry organizations and events 
Perform any other job related duties as assigned Page 4 of 6 Classic Avenue Hotel, Trivandrum - Kerala 
Sales & Marketing Manager 
June 2010 to at August 2011 Responsibility for maximizing the occupancy and the average daily rate of the hotel / hotels, while upholding excellent guest service and accommodations to all guests. 
Work closely with the hotel s preferred accounts and group reservations. 
Assisting the Hotel GMs to increase corporate client base through consistent solicitations while establishing trust and rapport with clients to generate and boost revenues for the hotel Servicing new and existing accounts to ensure repeat business. 
Sales Dept plays a key role within the hotel s leadership team as well as handles all aspects of Sales. Services existing clients, sources new business and responds to all walk-in and phone inquiries. 
Primary responsibilities are, but not limited, planning and administering sales policies and programs to foster and promote hotel patronage, Identifying and resolving problems in a timely manner and developing alternative solutions. Manage difficult or emotional guest situations, Responding promptly to guest needs, responding to guest inquisitions and requests for service and assistance. 
Responsibilities include selling guest rooms, meeting space and other Hotel services to customer groups, managing accounts, and conducting site inspections, solicit and generate business. 
Ajman Beach Holidays, 
Ajman UAE 
Food &Beverage Manager 
November 2008 to Apr 2010 Planning and organizing accommodation, catering and other hotel services; Promoting and marketing the business;, managing budgets and financial plans and controlling expenditure; Maintaining statistical and financial records; setting and achieving sales and profit targets; Recruiting, training and monitoring staff; planning work schedules for individuals and teams; Meeting and greeting customers; dealing with customer complaints and comments; addressing problems and troubleshooting; ensuring events and conferences run smoothly; Supervising maintenance, supplies, renovations and furnishings; dealing with contractors and suppliers; Ensuring security is effective; carrying out inspections of property and services; ensuring compliance with licensing laws, health and safety and other statutory regulations. 
ING life Insurance, Nagercoil 
Sales Manager - May 2007 Sep 2008 
n Recruiting, training and Motivating a team of Insurance Advisors n Drive the Sales of Life Insurance policies Prepare Sales Strategies along with Advisors to identify high values sales and achieve monthly and annual target n To help achieve branch targets through the team of Advisors Development of the sales network. 
Page 5 of 6 n Responsible for recruitment of consultants to agreed profiles and within the stipulated time frame so as to achieve Business plan targets for the Branch. 
n Establish activity and sales reporting mechanisms to Company standards n Implemented training course for new recruits speeding profitability. 
Quality Inn Horizon Hotel - Dubai 
United Arab Emirates, Food &Beverage Manager 
Sep 1997 to Apr 2007 
The Duration spent in Quality Inn Horizon Hotel each position involved work at an operational and other level with specific objective to achieve and responsibility at a Management and Head of Dept level. 
Asst .Food Beverage Manager/ Asst Manager Operations/ Purchasing Manager/Duty 
Manager 
* Quality Inn Horizon is an international American chain CHOICE HOTELS * Maintains high visibility in the surrounding community and in the hospitality community as appropriate. 
Maintains efficient sales office procedures and insures the maintenance of accurate and updated account files and follow-up procedures. 
Directs sales leads to outside sales reps, provides motivation, support, encouragement, and direction to all members of the sales department. Makes face-to- face sales calls. 
Maintains all sales systems, such as sales records and reports, conference calendar, traces of history and potentials, logs of groups not previously accommodated and mailing lists. 
Designs new programs and sales campaigns, to develop additional sales from the various market niches. 
Ensures the prompt and systematic servicing of all business accounts (i.e., tracing, booking, contracting, communicating with hotel departments, and following up with group for feedback and future bookings). 
Identifies and analyzes competition, both locally and regionally. 
Follows the Sales and Marketing plans 
Must be service oriented to potential guests and fellow hotel staff members Concord Palace Hotel 
Dubai 
United Arab Emirates , F&B Executive (Clubs) 
Mar 1995 to Aug 1997 liaising with the hotel/facility management team and their staff; managing club staff, including recruitment and training; ensuring high standards are maintained throughout the club's premises; coordinating club membership; organizing and publicizing functions and events; negotiating costs with entertainment providers; dealing with paperwork; Overseeing the management of club premises and facilities. 
Page 6 of 6 Annai Fathima College of Hotel Management and Catering Technology Madurai Tamil Nadu- Training Manager 
Apr 1993- Mar 1995 To organize and train them for cultural programmers, events and food festivals. 
To Co ordinate with the Students and Management for the Duty Schedule of the Campus 
Managers for the Food &Beverage and Housekeeping 
To Organize and provide training according to their course curriculum To ensure their Industrial Exposure Training arrangements and campus interviews. 
