OLIVER BATSTONE - UI/UX DESIGNER PHONEPORTFOLIO EMAIL LOCATION oliverr.co 07768445406oliver.batstone@gmail.com Bristol 
OTHER INTERESTS EDUCATION EXPERIENCE TOOLS 
Freelance UI/UX & Brand Designer @ Oliverr Design, Online July 2014 - Present 
Designing and delivering bespoke digital solutions for clients. And brand identities. Formerly Studio Batstone. 
Motion Graphics Designer @ Gramercy Park Studios, London September - October 2015 
Worked for eight weeks on live projects, providing motion design and creative input for the post production house. 
Digital Designer @ FST, Marlow August - September 2015 
A valuable placement at this creative agency. Working on content ranging from interactive web designs to motion sequences. 
Designer @ Framestore, London July - September 2014 Selected from over 400 applicants to join the award winning production house as a multi-disciplinary designer. Worked on live design projects as a graphic and motion designer. 
Writer @ Android Authority, Online August - October 2013 
Writing articles for the technology publication that provides advice, news and more to viewers. Gained valuable experience in time planning and work management. Continued my writing on a personal Medium blog since. 
Intern @ Icon Films, Bristol Jun 
- July 2013 Was a ruuner, assisting in tasks that needed to be completed. Primary duties included editing and transcribing cuts from projects. 
BA (Hons) Digital Media Production @ the Arts University Bournemouth [2.1] Sept 2012 - Jul 2015 Explored a range of digital arts and technologies. Specialised in graphic, motion and UI design. Project examples include designing my own apps, motion design pieces, a pseudo operating system and a physical smartphone prototype. 
FDA Art and Design @ the Arts University Bournemouth [pass] Sept 2011 - Jul 2012 With no prior skills or experience in digital art, the course was invaluable. Specialised in graphic design, honed my practical skills and developed a wide range of knowledge in the field. 
A Levels @ Sidcot School Sept 2009 - Jul 2011 Design Technology, Physical Education and Biology. 
Sketch, Photoshop, Illustrator, After Effects, Premiere Pro, Marvel, InVision, Cinema 4D, HTML, CSS and pencil. 
Technology, film, music, photography and tennis. I passed my driving test in 2011 and retain a clean driving licence. In April 2016 I travelled to Palestine with family and friends for a week-long cycle tour along the West Bank. We raised over 35,000 for Medical Aid for Palestinians - a chariy providing life saving medicine for those caught in the conflict and to raise awareness of the Israeli occupation and displacement. 
