PRATEEK MATHUR 
E-mail: prateekmathur.siet@gmail.com Mobile: 9108156618 
Seeking career enriching opportunities in Digital Marketing with a reputed organization. 
Profile Summary 
Goal oriented professional with B.Tech(Computer Science Engineering) from Shankara 
Institute of Technology, Jaipur. 
Possesses knowledge and understanding of concepts such SEO, SEM, Adwords, and Google 
Ads. Ability to devise & implement pre & post marketing activities during the launch of a new product. 
Work Experience 
Autumn Worldwide 10th September 2015 till date as SEM & SEO Analyst 
Key Deliverables: 
Complete Analysis of On-Page as well as Off-Page Competitor Analysis 
To provide Search Trends for Brands over Search Engine. 
To creating SEO & SEM strategy according to their presence over Search. 
Responsible for creating weekly or monthly Google Analytics Performance Reports. 
Except that learning Display Marketing, branding. 
Eplanetsoft 16th June 2014 to 1st September 2015 as SEO Executive 
Key Deliverables 
Complete On-Page & Off-Page SEO techniques. 
SEO Audit 
Social Media Optimization IndiaResults.com 16th December 2013 to 15thJune 2014 as SEO Executive 
Key Deliverables 
Complete Off-Page SEO techniques. 
Projects Working On 
Project 1: SEM Campaign for Luminous India 
Type: PPC Campaign 
Client: Luminous India 
Website: www.luminouseshop.com 
Description: Running PPC Campaign for Luminous India for their products like Home Inverter, Fans, Batteries 
Responsibilities: Designing the campaign strategy how much clicks & impression we can expect from the total budget, selecting the keywords with the help of Google Keyword Planer, putting Negative keywords so that our campaign get lined up properly, monitoring PPC campaign and suggesting the improvement which we can do to perform our ads better, creating overall campaign reports. 
Project 2: SEM Campaign for Autodesk 
Type: PPC Campaign 
Client: Autodesk 
Website: www.autodesk.com 
Description: Autodesk is basically a Online software provider for Civil Engineering Students i.e. CAD, CAM, Fusion 360, Revit. 
Responsibilities: Designing the campaign strategy and execution plan for their products, monitoring the campaign, calculating the conversions as well as maintain the campaigns report. 
Project 3: Himalayan Mineral Water 
Type: SEO 
Client: Himalayan Mineral Water 
Website: www.himalayanmineralwater.com 
Description: Himalayan Mineral Water is one of the Packaged Drinking Water under PepsiCo. 
Responsibilities: Creating SEO Strategy, SEO Audit of website, Deciding the Keywords, URL 
Structure, Complete On-Site SEO as well as Off-Site SEO. 
IT Skills 
Know Wordpress very well and created many websites on Word Press. 
Have a knowledge of Joomla 
Programming languages :- C , C++ , Core Java , .NET , PHP , N+ 
MS Office, Excel 
Education 
2013 B.Tech (Computer Science) from Shankara Institute OF Technology, Jaipur 2009 XII from I.S.C Board 2007 X form I.C.S.E Board 
Achievements 
Active participant of debate and recitation competitions in school days. 
Active participant in cultural field in College. 
Won 1st prize in paper presentation in College. 
Worked as a Member of Editorial Board Of College Magazine. 
Personal Details 
Parents Name: Late Mr.Pankaj Mathur and Mrs. Prity Mathur 
Language s known 
:Hindi, English 
Permanent Address 
:3, Bank Road Allahabad(211002) Date of Birth 
:18th March,1991 
Interests & Hobbies : Travelling to new places with friends, Listening Music, Reading novels and Playing Badminton 
