Page1 
Renu Yadav 
Investment & Market research analyst yadav.renu367@gmail.com Summary 7 year of experience in Real estate and IT department . 
Highly experienced Customer Service professional. Able to handle a high volume of customer calls in a fast paced service. Excellent listening skills, oral and written communications. Comfortable in interacting with all levels of the organization and public. Excellent problem solving and negotiating skills. Able to make decisions independently and quickly with minimal escalations. 
Areas of expertise: 
Sales 
Pre sales Channel Sales 
Back office operation. 
Experienced Customer Service Sales Associate who regularly had the highest customer servicerating for any company I worked for. Adept at listening to customers negotiating agreements and developing satisfied repeat customers. 
Specializes in apparel and sporting goods sales. 
Core Qualifications 
Strong negotiation skills Extensive phoneand in-person customer service experience 
Knowledgeable on product Works well as part of a team Experience 
Sr.Business development executive at Unishire 
May 2015 - Present (1 year 4 months) Page2 
Market research,co ordination with partners,price comparison.project analyst.manage channel partners,investment,sales etc. 
GENERATING CLIENTS 
Booked customer references Direct walking sales activities Expo participation 
PROSPECTING, CLOSING AND SERVICING 
-Create customized proposals for specific client needs -Close deals to achieve monthly targets -Post sales servicing for agreement execution, collections and query handling -Developing existing and new channel partners relationship to achieve targets -Create relationships with booked clients to generate incremental business through referrals Manage sales operations -Manage day-to-day sales operations -Ensure the highest quality of customer satisfaction Interactions 
Internal and External 
INTERNAL - Work closely with the sales and tele sales teams. 
Investment Responsibilities 
Meet with clients in person to discuss their financial goals 
Explain the types of financial services they provide to potential clients Educate clients and answer questions about investment options and potential risks Research investment opportunities conducting in-depth reviews of clients' financial circumstances, current provision and future aims; analysing information and preparing plans best suited to individual clients' requirements; Pre sales:- 
Probe lead to understand requirements and provide precise product options. 
Responsible for identifying sales opportunities. 
Setup sales appointments and walk-ins. 
Share real time feedback with the Marketing team on lead quality,requirements and market inputs. 
Reporting daily and weekly activities. 
Preparation of MIS by maintaining monthly reports. 
Page3 
Contribute towards team efforts to meet pre-established company goals. 
Ensuring set targets are achieved. 
Coordination with sales team to ensure closure 
CRM Executive at Goyal & Co Hariyana Group 
September 2013 - April 2015 
(1 year 8 months) 
Collection,Customer care,Documentation etc. 
Provide information about apartment / unit possession status. 
Provide information about final payments settlements. 
Handle customer enquiries and complaints and take corrective actions. 
Send regular construction update to customers. 
Note modification/customization requests and send it to the respective Project Manager/ Site engineer. 
Monitor Project CRM Executives preparation of Handover documents for individual projects. 
Generate monthly reports on status of the projects. 
Business Development Executive at nexusinfosystems April 2012 
- August 2013 (1 year 5 months) 
To email or call the prospective customers via the phone to promote our IT Infrastructure services. 
Should have a mechanism to generate leads and drive them to closure. 
Solicit and bring business from newer accounts Should create service lead account by positioning different professional services. 
Identify the prospects of new client leads and developing new client base for selling the services. 
Should have depth in understanding the business requirement, coordinating and interacting with client to propose an objective business solution which brings sustainable value for the client. 
Should have dedication and adroit at learning new concepts and communicating the solution clearly and effectively. 
Worked extensively with presales team in writing winning business proposals, proof of concepts, collaterals and business case documents. 
Strong business analysis, solution crafting, interaction management, and presentation skills. 
Should have an in depth knowledge of selling strategies, development of proposals, contracts, close plans and statements of work for professional services. 
Keeps management informed by submitting activity and results reports, such as daily call reports, weekly work plans, and monthly and annual territory analyses. 
Understanding Customers business requirements, existing engagements and conceptualizing solution mechanism to meet those requirements 
OMM Manger at Oracle Corporation 
May 2011 - January 2012 
(9 months) OMM Partner business solutions. 
Page4 
Proofing and Formatting the electronic/paper documents & forms as per the business requirements with 100% accuracy. 
Understand clearly the client specific requirements as well as instructions to proofread, merge and format documents in MS-Word or .PDF formats. 
Meeting the Business SLAs on Time with Quality. 
Peer Reviewing the Documents. 
Delivering high quality, accurate and reliable end-user documentation artifacts/templates/forms which satisfy the customer requirements. 
CRM at Artha Money 
August 2008 - June 2010 
(1 year 11 months) 
Handling Inbound calls,Lead generation,MIS reporting. 
Keeps management informed by submitting activity and results reports, such as daily call reports, weekly work plans, and monthly. 
Understanding Customers business requirements, existing engagements and conceptualizing solution mechanism to meet those requirements Courses 
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), English Language and Literature/Letters 
V.B.S Purvanchal University 
Degree 
Projects 
MS Office January 2001 to Present 
Members:Renu Yadav 
Info about MS Office Languages 
Kannada 
English (Professional working proficiency) Hindi (Native or bilingual proficiency) Skills & Expertise 
ERP 
Business Process Improvement 
Sibel 
Page5 
Strategy 
CRM 
Business Development 
Lead Generation 
Marketing Strategy 
Market Research 
Negotiation 
Competitive Analysis 
Business Intelligence 
Marketing 
Customer Service 
Sales Management 
Business Analysis 
Team Management 
Customer Relationship Management (CRM) Business Strategy 
Education 
Karnataka State Open University, Mysore 
Master s Degree, Marketing/Marketing Management, General, 2016 - 2018 Activities and Societies: 
MBA 
V.B.S Purvanchal University 
Bachelor of Arts (B.A.), English Language and Literature/Letters, 2001 - 2003 
Grade: 2.0 Activities and Societies: B.A. 
Shri valbha vidya peeth inter college 12th, Liberal Arts and Sciences/Liberal Studies, 1998 - 1999 Activities and Societies: Schooling 
Honors and Awards 
Target achiver Artha 
August 2009 Certifications 
Office Managment vanita polytechnic 
April 2005 to April 2007 Page6 
Renu Yadav 
Investment & Market research analyst yadav.renu367@gmail.com 2 person has recommended Renu 
"Renu is great talent to reckon with so far Business development is concerned. Give her a raw Clients ,She will nurture it the offbeat way which will set new benchmark and 100% enhance the business growth. I have seen her closely working with multiple clients across the country. I would say Renu is a Game changer in context to Business Development and Customer engagement . Every time you interact with her , She challenges to inspires you transform from Fixed to Growing mindset. Keep inspiring Renu . Regards // Prashant Das" Prashant Kumar Das, Business Unit Head at NEXUS I S (P) Limited, NEXUS I S (P) Limited, managed Renu at nexusinfosystems 
"Renu is very detail oriented and assures the work is done on time. She is good with delivery time lines. Very good with customer relationship. Completes end to end task with good follow up and open for all kind of feedback. " Sujata Anand, COO, BMC Consultancy Services Private Limited, was Renu's client Contact Renu on LinkedIn 
