Shital Gaikwad 
Matunga Labour Camp, Dr. Ambedkar Rd,A/ 31,Room no- 415, Mumbai - 400019. 
Mobile Number - 9773161255 | Email Id- shitalg32@gmail.com objective Willing to work in a challenging position with a growing Organization where I can utilize my technical and interpersonal skills to serve the organization and enhanced the same. 
Education 
Mumbai university Mumbai, Bachelor of Mass Media (Advertising) 2015 St. Josephs Convent High School Mumbai 
Secondary School Certificate 2008 KEY STRENGTH 
Hard working 
Sincere in work Regular 
Disciplined 
Excellent in communication Quick Hand Skills and Quick Learner 
Flexible, reliable and dependable hard worker Motivated self-starter with a strong desire to learn Experience 
Rediffusion Y & R (At Present) 
Client Servicing 
Project Executive 
Brands handled SBI Mutual Fund, LIC 
Responsiblities - Receiving Job brief from clients an executing it Daily responsibilities involve maintaining and growing client relationships, and managing client expectations Vendors registration and payment Making estimates and PO 
Leading the campaign Mullen Lowe Lintas( 24th November 2015 
24th May 2016) 
Client Servicing 
Intern 
Brands Handled 
Tata Starbucks, Bajaj avenger, Voonik 
Responsiblities - Updating status reports for client Receiving creative changes from clients Relaying those changes to creative staff and supervising the accounts finances Daily responsibilities involve maintaining and growing client relationships, and managing client expectations Keeping clients realistic about timelines for delivering campaigns. 
Research 
Taking & understanding brief as well giving brief to creative team Getting feedback on the creative, making final changes with DTP artist or creative Meeting clients 
ACADEMIC PROJECT UNDERTAKEN PROJECT NO 1 
Project: Cultural:Drama 
Project duration: 1 month 
Team size: 5 
Project Description: 
The main objective of the drama was to bring out the creativity in you. As the drama falls under the category of culture. We had to represent a culture in the form of a story. The topic was free of choice so we decided to do something unique and do represent the culture of eunuchs. 
Role and Responsibility: Script Writing, Dialogues Writing, Direction, Narration, Background Design, Acting 
PROJECT NO 02 
Project duration: 1 month 
Team size: 5 
Project Description: 
We had to conduct a research & analysis the same. We choosed the topic use of mobile phone among working women wherein we reached out to the working women and asked them what features they use in their phone etc. 
Role and responsibility: conducting research and analyzing it thoroughly 
PROJECT NO 03 
Project: prepare an ad campaign 
Project duration: 3 months 
Team size: 1 
Project description: 
Topic was chosen by me. The campaign was to be made on the product that has not been launched by any brand they you have chosen. So I choosed Dove soap for men.The project has been submitted to University of Mumbai. 
Roles & responsibility: 
Making the Logo, Monogram, Font, tagline, slogan Choosing and applying the colors & color Schemes, Made magazines ads, newspaper ads, hoardings, standees, Storyboard, professional letterheads, professional visiting card, TECHNICAL SKILLS 
Operating Systems: win 7/win 8/ win 8.1 
Microsoft Technologies: MS Word, MS excel, MS PowerPoint, Typing 
Programming Languages: basic knowledge of C++ 
Web Technologies: HTML 
Hardware: major troubleshooting and installation of new hardware & software 
HONORS AND AWARDS 
Certificate Course in 'MS-CIT' in June- 2012 with 85% Certificate course in English Typing 30 wpm in May- 2013 with 89 % Won table tennis competition at school level with 3rd place 
Won elocution at school level Won 2nd place in minute to win it at inter-college level 
HOBBIES 
Listening to songs 
SEMINAR: 
Praladh Kakkar talk on the benefits of Advertising at IMC, Mumbai 
Water and Droughts issues at Mantralaya, Mumbai 
EXTRA CURRICULAR ACTIVITIES 
Interested in Debate Competition. 
