NAVNEET PRAKASH 
" MCA with 1.6 yrs experience in Software Development using Java/J2EE Technologies. " navneet.prakash06@gmail.com 
8826929203 
Current Designation: Java Developer 
Current Company: TagMyCollege 
Current Location: Delhi 
Pref. Location: Delhi, Delhi / NCR, Gurgaon 
Functional Area: IT Software - Application Programming / Maintenance 
Role: Software Developer 
Industry: IT-Software/Software Services 
Key Skills: Java, J2Ee, Servlets, JSP, Spring, Hibernate, MySQL 
Total Experience: 1 Year(s) 6 Month(s) 
Annual Salary: Rs 3.25 Lakhs 
Expected CTC: Not Mentioned 
Highest Degree: MCA 
Notice period: 15 Days or less Work Experience TagMyCollege (Current Employer) 
Java Developer | Dec 2016 
Notice Period : 15 Days or less 
Quantum Coders Ltd. 
Software Developer | Mar 2014 To Apr 2015 Software Developer 
IE Guild Technologies 
Software Engineer | Oct 2011 To Mar 2014 Software engineer. 
Education 
Post Graduates ( Correspondence/Distance Learning ) 
MCA (Computers) 
Amity University | in 2016 
Undergraduates ( Full Time ) 
B.Sc (Computers) Kuvempu University, Karnataka | in 2010 Certifications 
GNIIT Software Engineering - 3 yrs Diploma 
IT Skills 
No IT Skills added Language Known 
Language Proficiency Read Write Speak 
English Proficient 
Hindi Proficient 
Projects 
No Projects Added 
Other Details 
Personal Detail 
Date of Birth: 01 Jul 1989 
Gender: Male 
Marital Status: Single/unmarried 
Address: 
Delhi 110017 
Home Town: New Delhi 
Desired Job Details 
Job Type: Permanent 
Employment Status: Full Time 
Work Authorization 
US Work Status: Need H1 Visa 
Countries: India 
Affirmative Action 
Category: General 
Physically Challenged: No 
Attached Resume 
NAVNEET PRAKASH navneet.prakash06@gmail.com +91-8826929203 
Career Objective 
To become a successful professional in a highly competitive technological world where performance is rewarded with new challenging responsibilities and to serve a reputed growth oriented industry in the field of Design, Development and Maintenance. 
Professional Summary 
Total 3.6+ yrs of experience in software development using different Technologies. 
Having 1.6 yrs experience in developing Web Applications using technologies Java / J2EE, Spring and Hibernate. 
Hands on experience in Core Java, JDBC, Servlets, JSP, JavaScript, JQuery, Ajax and Hibernate. 
Hands on experience in Spring Frameworks. 
Implemented MVC, Singleton design pattern in web architecture. 
Involved in complete life cycle of project. 
Knowledge of Web Services. 
Good Team player and also have ability to work independently. 
Adaptive to learn new technologies. 
Easily mingle with any environment and hardworking nature. 
Professional Experience 
Working as Java Developer in TagMyCollege, Gurgaon from Dec 2016 to till date. 
Worked as Software Developer in Quantum Coders Ltd, New Delhi from Mar 2014 to Apr 2015. 
Worked as Software Developer in IE Guild Ltd, New Delhi from Oct 2011 to Mar 2014. 
Technical Skills 
Languages: C/C++, Java 
Java Technologies: Servlet, JSP 
Framework: Spring 
ORM TOOL: Hibernate 
Database: MySql 
Web Technologies: JavaScript, Jquery, AJAX 
Web/App Servers: Apache, Tomcat 
IDE: Eclipse, NetBeans 
Tools: ANT 
Operating System: Linux, Windows Family 
Project Summary 1. Online e-Auction 
Language: Java 1.8 Framework: Spring & Hibernate Database: Mysql 
Web Server: GlassFish App Server: Tomcat 8.0 IDE: NetBeans 
Role: Team member 
Overview: 
The purpose of the E-Trade platform is to make convenient and easy-to-use online system where a buyer and seller can trade their goods and services. 
The seller can list his commodities on the platform to find prospective buyers. 
The platform will also have reverse bidding option where a buyer can list his requirements and seller can bid on those requirements. 
The system will also have an admin which can manage and oversee all the auctions, handle user management and allotment of the commodities. 
2. Automatic Link Embedder System 
Language: Java 1.7 Framework: Spring Mvc Database: Mysql 
Web Server: Apache 2.2 App Server: Tomcat 7.0 IDE: Eclipse 
Role: Team member 
Overview: 
On link embedder client can write content and submit. 
Insert the links and set the Priority of External and Internal links. 
Insert the selected links to make then match keywords links. 
After submission of content, the Engine generates the link which matches the keywords. 
3. ERMS(Employee Recruitment Management System) 
Language: Java 1.7 Framework: Spring Mvc Database: Mysql 
Web Server: Apache 2.2 AppServer: Tomcat 7.0 IDE: Eclipse 
Role: Team member 
Overview: 
This project aims to fill the gap between management and development team regarding hiring of new candidate. 
Talent Acquistion team call the desired candidates mentioned by Project manager on this ERMS and also schedule their interview. 
Using this system, Store all the information of selected candidates. 
4. Attendance Management System(AMS) 
Language: Java 1.6 Technologies: Servlet, Jsp Database: Mysql IDE: Eclipse Role: Team member 
Overview: 
Goal of this module is to maintaining employees check-in and check-out details. 
Tracking the employees attendance daily, weekly and monthly on dashboard. 
Reviewing the employees performance. 
5. Developed: 30+ E-Learning sites in Jquery, HTML, CSS. 
Educational Qualification 
Master of Computer Applications(MCA) from Amity University in 2016 with 70%. 
GNIIT (Software Engineering 3yr Diploma) from NIIT in 2011 with 70% . 
B.Sc Information Technology from Kuvempu University in 2010 with 67%. 
Personal Details 
Father's Name: Sh. B.N Singh 
Date of Birth: 01 July 1989 
Languages Known: English & Hindi. 
Marital Status: Single 
Permanent Address : C/o- Pramila Singh, Bhagwanpur Chowk, Bajrangpuram Road no-3, Muzaffarpur, Bihar. 
