 KAVITA SHARMA COMPANY SECRETARY CV PERSONAL SUMMARY: 
A highly efficient and competent Company Secretary with an ability to ensure that a company complies and operates in accordance with statutory and legal provisions. Well presented and highly personable, with a deep knowledge of corporate regulatory and company rules. Excellent organizational skills, highly efficient and methodical with a good eye for detail. 
WORK EXPERIENCE: 
METRO VALLEY BUSINESS PART PRIVATE LIMITED 
Company Secretary (November 2014 till present) 
Metro Valley is evolving a new kind of nature responsive urban typology based on its philosophy "Sarvagun Sampan", with an intent to create a lead by example development model, globally. The project is strategically located on the border of south Delhi and Gurgaon. MV Tech Labs has been initiated with a vision of becoming thought leaders in the Indian IT industry elevating it to its next logical level of being solution provider to fill the vacuum that currently exists in creating business solutions around issues that dominate local businesses. 
Duties: 
Responsible for all company secretarial functions, duties and responsibilities as per the Companies Act, 2013, Indian GAAP and allied Indian regulations. 
Ensuring timely compliance like submission of Labour law compliances like ESIC, PF, Professional Tax, Minimum Wages Act, Maternity Benefits, LWF etc Developing & implementing admin, HR policies & procedures to improve efficiency. 
Monitoring changes in the business legislative and regulatory environment and providing advice to colleagues and senior managers on such matters. 
Maintaining statutory books i.e. registers of members, directors and secretaries. 
Filing, obtaining and maintaining all Food Safety licences (FSSAI), Labour Law and Intellectual Property Rights (IPR) portfolio of the Company. Incorporation of new companies, limited liability partnerships, organizing, preparing agendas for, drafting, preparing minutes of board meetings and filing of statutory e-forms with MCA 21. 
Liaising with external regulators, solicitors, auditors and government authorities. 
Reporting in a timely & accurate manner on company procedures & developments. 
Ensuring the company complies with standard legal practice and maintains standards of corporate governance. 
Drafting & vetting of legal Agreements, (NDA, Internship, Master Service, Agency, CHA, Confidentiality etc), Contracts and Power of Attorneys. 
To appear before different courts across India as authorized representative of the Company. 
To interact with the lawyers, brief them and have update in respect to all such matter. 
Making presentations before the board and other members of the organizations to keep abreast for amendments. 
AMIRA PURE FOODS PRIVATE LIMITED- Wholly Owned Subsidiary of Amira Nature Foods Ltd, an NYSE Listed Company) Assistant Manager- Legal (April 2012 till October 2014) 
AMIRA Group is the India's largest Rice Trading Company. The company isISO 22000:2005 certifiedother than this it also holds SQF 2000 quality code certification. The Company has subsidiaries in USA, UK, UAE, Singapore and Malaysia. 
Duties: 
Handled procedural formalities to incorporation of Companies in India and outside India Likewise Dubai, U.K., Singapore, U.S.A, Mauritius, Nigeria and Malaysia. Handling the secretarial compliance of the companies situated outside India; Handling RBI Compliances like Annual Performance Report (APR) and FC-GPR 
Ensure timely compliance with the listing compliances mandatory for the Company. 
Experience of Drafting of Prospectus with US and Indian counsels. 
Experience in Drafting of Press Releases for Financial Results, conducting Board Meeting, Audit Committee Meeting, Corporate Governance and Nomination Committee and Compensation Committee with the Independent US Directors. 
Prepared Presentation on Code of Conduct, Code of Ethics, FCPA (Foreign Corrupt Practice Act), OFAC and Insider trading to present before 250 Employees, Directors and Senior Executives Officers of the Company as a whole. 
Experience of Listing compliances for quarterly, half yearly and yearly with New York Stock Exchange and SEC. Prepared Form 6-K, Form 20F, Form 13G and other timely disclosures and filing the relevant documents through EDGAR to NYSE and SEC declare Quarterly, Half yearly and Annual Financial Results etc. Independently set up a Virtual Data Room. 
Compliance of packaging with foreign Laws like Codex Alimentarius, US FDA standards, GSO Compliances for Middle East, FSSAI Compliances etc. 
Drafting & vetting of legal Agreements, (NDA, CHA, Service, and Confidentiality etc), Contracts and Power of Attorneys. 
Assist in Drafting/vetting and finalization of various agreements/deeds/documents and keep records of various agreements/deeds/documents, court files etc. 
To appear before different courts across India as authorized representative of the Company. 
To tender requisite evidence before the courts both under civil and criminal matters and interact with the lawyers, brief them and have update in respect to all such matter. 
To collect court summons/ warrants under court orders. 
To carry out legal researches and managing IPR for the Company. 
MAVENS BIOTECH LIMITED- NEW DELHI 
Company Secretary cum Compliance Officer (March 2011 till April 2012) 
Mavens Biotech Limited is a listed company engaged in development, testing and validating innovative plant technologies that optimize crop performance and agricultural productivity while improving food security and preserving the environment for over 25 years (approx.). 
Duties: 
Secretarial Compliance, which includes ROC matters, writing of minutes, maintaining statutory registers, preparing the Notice, Directors Reports, statement under section 212, Annual Returns, compliances as per Companies Act, 1956. 
Handled procedural formalities to change the Companys status/ name change, increase in authorized share capital, change in directorship and procedural formalities for Change in object clause of the company. 
Prepare Due Diligence Certificate and compounding application. 
Ensure timely compliance with the listing compliances mandatory for the Company. 
Experience in drafting the Power of Attorneys, Petitions and Counter Statements etc. Experience in Mergers/ Amalgamations of Companies, liaise with the Company Law Board, Regional Director, and Registrar of Companies. 
ADLAKHA & ADLAKHA ASSOCIATES- GURGAON 
Management Trainee(July 2009 till November 2010) 
A Company Secretary firm with a niche in Mergers and Acquisitions set by Mr. Rajiv Adlakha. 
Duties: 
Incorporation of Companies (Public and Private), 100% Wholly Owned Subsidiaries and LLPs. Obtaining DIN, DPIN for individuals and PAN for the Company. 
Filing of e-forms on MCA-21 and liaising with ROC. Change of Name of Company and increase/ consolidation/revision in share capital of Company. Preparation of documents for Conversion of the status of the Company from Private to Public Limited. Preparation of documents relating to issue of Bonus Shares and Buy Back of Shares of the Company. 
Preparing and Filing of petition of Amalgamation and Merger with Honble Delhi High Court and for Changing of Registered office of the companies from One State to Other. Drafting and Preparation of Applications, Petitions for Honble CLB, Notice and Minutes of Board Meeting and General Meetings. Maintenance and updating of Statutory Records of the Public & Private Company. 
Conducted Secretarial Audit, assisted in conducting postal ballot for the Company. 
Assisted in Drafting and Preparation of documents for Voluntary Winding up of the Company. 
ACADEMIC QUALIFICATIONS: 
LLB. 
Associate Member of the Institute of Company Secretaries of India. 
Master of Commerce (Finance), MDU, Rohtak 
Online Certification in Intellectual Property Rights from ILI, New Delhi. 
KEY SKILLS AND COMPETENCIES: 
In depth knowledge of Companies Act, Food Safety & Standards Act, IPR and regulations Licensing and Certifications. 
Strong organizational and time management skills. 
Excellent presentation, interpersonal & communications skills - both written & oral. 
ACHIEVEMENTS: 
Best Presenter and Team Leader of the 148th Management Secretarial Orientation Program organized by the ICSI, New Delhi. 
Topped Masters of Commerce (Finance) - Department of Commerce, M.D.U. Rohtak. 
PERSONAL DETAILS: 
Date of Birth : 
5th May 1987 Marital Status : Married 
E-Mail ID 
: cskavita87@gmail.com (mailto:cskavita87@gmail.com), Contact No. : +91-8750551919 Permanent Address : Gurgaon 
Date: 
Place: (Kavita Sharma) 2 
