Taufique Rahman (IIB (WMB V9) and IBM DataPower XG45 & XI52) MIG - 102B, Ujjwala Comfort Complex, Opposite - CityCentre 2, Rajarhat, Newtown, Kolkata, 
West Bengal - 700157 +91-9007147496 rahmantaufique3049@gmail.com 
Career Objective 
A challenging career in Software Development with an organization that provides me an opportunity to show my techno-proficient skills, to improve my knowledge with the latest trends and to be a part of the team that works dynamically towards the growth of the organization. 
Professional Summary 
Tata Consultancy Services (WMB V9 & DataPower Developer 3 Years) 
Currently working on IIB (WMB V9) at Tata Concultancy Services. 
Worked on IIB DataPower tool (XG45 & XI52). 
Use MQSeries to create queue. 
Use ESQL to develope the WMB service. 
Use XSLT for datePower. 
Worked on tools such as RFHUtil, SQL Server 2012. 
Good interpersonal skills, result oriented, efficiently working capability, believe in quality, adaptable in nature. 
Professional Experience 
I am working as developer. 
Projects at TCS : ASDA (e-commerce company) 
IIB (WMB V9) : 
Created complete messaging model including schemas for middleware layer to back end business partner's APIs. 
Developed complete integration flows. 
Developed Message flows using Timer nodes. 
Designed and developed message flows to handle large files. 
Developed message flows to interact with Back end Databases. 
Written reusable ESQL procedures which used by services. 
Routing of the messages through broker cache memory. 
Routing of the messages according to message content. 
Responsible for Detailed Technical Design Documents for services. 
Develop and unit testing of message flow flows using IBM Integration Bus(IIB)v9. 
Developed message broker flows using ESQL. 
Created queues for message flow. 
Used RFHUtil to perform different tasks on WMQ and WMB. 
Projects at TCS : ASDA (e-commerce company) 
IBM DataPower : 
I worked on XG45 & XI52. 
Developed complete integration flows. 
Developed services using XSLT. 
Developed 2-way SSL services. 
Creating Application Domains, objects (Multi-Protocol Gateways as per the requirements). 
Created AAA policies to authenticate and authorize user requests. 
Worked on XSLT and used transformation node to transform the message. 
Academic Credentials 
Technical Skills Set 
Personal Skills 
Comprehensive problem solving abilities, good verbal and written communication skills, 
willingness to learn, team facilitator and smart worker. Always ready to face challenges. Good decision making skills. 
Extra-Curricular Activities 
Selected best performer in project. 
Personal Details 
Name : 
Taufique Rahman 
Date of Birth 
: 04-10-1990 Father s name : Mojibur Rahman 
Mother s name : 
Shahnaz Bano 
Sex : 
Male 
Marital Status : 
Single 
Languages Know 
: English & Hindi. 
Passport : 
Available. 
Nationality : 
Indian 
Notice Period : 3 months 
Permanent Address : 565/229, Bazidpur, Barh, Patna, Bihar, India -803213. 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 
Place: Kolkata Date: 01/05/2017 
(Taufique Rahman) 
