Vema Reddy kalvapalli 
" L2 Dot net application support engineer " vemareddy0016@gmail.com 919949015920 
Current Designation: L2 Application support engineer 
Current Company: Genpact 
Current Location: Hyderabad 
Pref. Location: Hyderabad, Mumbai, Pune 
Functional Area: IT Software - Other 
Role: Software Developer 
Industry: IT-Software/Software Services 
Key Skills: IIS, Windows, power shell scripting, MS visio, Microsoft SQL server, FTP, SFTP, Service now 
Total Experience: 4 Year(s) 0 Month(s) 
Annual Salary: Rs 3.95 Lakhs 
Expected CTC: Not Mentioned 
Highest Degree: M.Tech 
Notice period: 1 Months 
Work Experience 
Genpact (Current Employer) 
L2 Application support engineer | Dec 2012 
Having 4 Years of experience in Application/Production support Environment. 
Possess hands on experience in Windows family, FTP, SFTP, Microsoft SQL Server, Power shell scripting. 
Has exposure in the enhancement, maintenance and support of various applications. 
Notice Period : 1 Months 
Education 
Post Graduates ( Full Time ) M.Tech (Electronics/Telecommunication) Hindustan Institute of Engineering Technology (HIET), Chennai | in 2012 Undergraduates ( Full Time ) 
B.Tech/B.E. (Electronics/Telecommunication) 
Jawaharlal Nehru Technological University (JNTU) | in 2009 IT Skills 
Skill Name Version Last Used Experience 
IIS 7.0 2016 4 Years 
Power shell scripting 2016 3 Years 
Microsoft SQL Server 2012 2016 4 Years 
FTP 2012 2016 4 Years 
SFTP 2012 2016 4 Years 
WINDOWS 2007,08,12 2016 4 Years 
MSVisio 2014 2016 4 Years 
Language Known 
Language Proficiency Read Write Speak 
English Expert 
Telugu Expert 
Hindi Expert 
Projects 
FLEXCUBE 
FLEXCUBE | Offsite | Full Time | from Dec 2012 to Present 
Hyderabad 
Skill Used: IIS, WINDOWS, Powershell, MS SQL Server, 
Team Size: 14 
Role : 
Other 
Role Description: 
My role is L2 Application support engineer Debugging of porting issue and report to business or customer care. Analyzing the issue and applying proper work around to get it resolved. 
Performing all system health check and application health. 
Project Details: 
Flexcube is a modular solution that allows the bank to choose only the functionality they wish to offer their customers. It is a fully integrated system with a common set of core services that are used across all the Front-End functional modules to deliver a diverse range of banking functionality. FlexCube supported products are current and savings accounts (CASA), Deposits, Credits, Loans, Collections, Safe deposit box and supported services are Sweeps, Standing instructions, Direct debits, Credits and Payments. The functional modules deliver a complete range of banking functionality to the end customer ranging from Retail Banking, Corporate and Investment Banking. 
Other Details 
Personal Detail 
Date of Birth: 04 Mar 1987 
Gender: Male 
Marital Status: Single/unmarried 
Address: 
KPHB, hyderabad 500072 
Home Town: hyderabad Desired Job Details 
Job Type: Permanent 
Employment Status: Full Time / Part Time 
Work Authorization 
US Work Status: Not Mentioned 
Countries: Not Mentioned 
Affirmative Action 
Category: Not Mentioned 
Physically Challenged: No 
Attached Resume 
VEMA REDDY KALVAPALLI 
Contact: +91-9949015920 
Email: vemareddy0016@gmail.com 
EXECUTIVE SUMMARY 
* Having 4 Years of experience in Application/Production support Environment. 
*
Possess hands on experience in Windows family, FTP, SFTP, Microsoft SQL Server, Power shell scripting. 
* Has exposure in the enhancement, maintenance and support of various applications. 
PROFESSIONAL SUMMARY 
* Work on call with various teams for faster resolutions of the outages. 
* Creating and monitoring the support tickets (Servicenow.com). 
*
Monitoring database servers, webservers, fallout orders, DB connectivity, order flow to reduce the outage time. 
* Debug and troubleshoot all production issues and perform root cause analysis. 
*
As production support engineer, responsible for monitoring and troubleshooting all applications. 
* Identify the Root cause or troubleshooting the issue accurately. 
* Remained successful in monitoring server performance, handling outages and escalations. 
* Promptly effectively worked on call with other teams for faster resolutions of the outages. 
* Earned reputation for troubleshooting of all issues related to Application servers and backend issues. 
* Supporting and troubleshooting applications in production environment. 
* Instrumental in coordinating with different teams, attending bridge calls and sorting out issues with clients through intelligent debugging using logs. 
* Comprehensively prepared business reports of the issues impacting the environment. 
* Maintained uncompromising focus on ensuring minimum downtime to the development and testing environments and on need basis facilitated urgent resolution with other teams for recovering outages. 
*
Support On calls during weekend. 
*
Smartly facilitated superior communication between the onsite and offshore team members. 
* Creating and executing Business Objects reports as per project requirement and demand. 
* Participating the On-Call Schedules, Review activities. 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
*
Working as L2 Application Support Engineer with Genpact,Hyderabad Payroll of Tie Technologies Pvt Ltd, and Chennai from December 2012 to Till Date. 
EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS 
Master of technology (M.Tech) from Hindustan University in 2012. 
TECHNICAL EXPERTISE 
Operating systems 
Windows(2007,2008,2012), Programming Languages 
SQL 
Database 
Microsoft SQL Server 2008 R2 and 2012 R2 
Ticketing Tool Servicenow.com Scheduling Tool 
Task scheduler Tool 
IIS, Microsoft SQL server, services. MSc, Task scheduler,MSVISIO, Event viewer, File Zilla. 
PROJECT UNDERTAKEN PROJECT: 
Project Title 
FLEXCUBE 
Project Type 
Application Support 
Team Size 14 Tools Servicenow.com,IIS,Task scheduler, Event Viewer 
Environment 
Microsoft SQL server 2008 R2, Windows family. 
Duration 
December 2012 to Till date 
DESCRIPTION: 
Flexcube is a modular solution that allows the bank to choose only the functionality they wish to offer their customers. It is a fully integrated system with a common set of core services that are used across all the Front-End functional modules to deliver a diverse range of banking functionality. 
FlexCube supported products are current and savings accounts (CASA), Deposits, Credits, Loans, Collections, Safe deposit box and supported services are Sweeps, Standing instructions, Direct debits, Credits and Payments. The functional modules deliver a complete range of banking functionality to the end customer ranging from Retail Banking, Corporate and Investment 
Banking. RESPONSIBILITIES 
*
My role is L2 Application support engineer 
* Debugging of porting issue and report to business or customer care. Analyzing the issue and applying proper work around to get it resolved. 
*
Performing all system health check and application health check by monitoring server logs, application logs and using 
TELNET for connectivity check between different systems. 
* Analyzing and escalating the issues with appropriate teams for urgent delay/outage resolution. 
* Resolving MNP related tickets, raising CR's, PKE's (Problem Known Error) for known issues, raising tickets using Service now ticketing tool. 
* Interacting with onsite clients and onshore team. 
*
Performing the various business object server related tasks. 
* Assist with ongoing documentation requirements. 
* Responsible for providing the support in all production related issue. 
*
Interacting with the customer and get specifications for enhancement. 
* Give the status report of tickets to Manager of our department on a weekly basis. 
*
Providing support to client on 24/7. 
*
Responsible for day-to-day systems management and operations. 
*
Monitoring the application server and Generating System Health Reports. 
* Maintaining the application job flow documents. 
* Analyzing and escalating the issues. 
* Resolving the tickets that are raised by the severity base. 
*
Involved in issue resolution, Client interaction, understanding the requirement and working on the ticket. 
* Responsible for providing the support depending on the priority of the issues. 
*
Automating daily tasks by writing scripts. 
*
Interacting with onsite clients and onshore team. 
*
Performing the various business object server related tasks. 
* Monitor the Application Server system error reports and log files * Assist with ongoing documentation requirements. 
* Checking the listener status. 
