 CURRICULUM VITAE gowtham.v17@gmail.com 
+91-8870211473 
Gowtham V 
gowtham.v17@gmail.com +91-8870211473 
Mechanical Engineer: Design Engineer 
Objective: 
Possessing an inbuilt interest to take up a challenging career in Design Engineering, I would like to make a significant impression in your organization and play a vital role in its growth. 
Professional Summary: 
A Mechanical Design Engineer having 2+ years of experience in SolidWorks and Autodesk Inventor. 
Having good exposure in Solid, Structural, and Sheet metal components. 
Having strong knowledge in Assembly and Detailing using 3D Cad Tools. 
Having basic Knowledge in GD&T. 
Having basic knowledge in SolidWorks Routing: Piping & Electrical 
Technical Skills: 
SolidWorks Autodesk Inventor 
Creo 2.0 SolidWorks Workgroup PDM SolidWorks FEA Pipe routing and Wiring Harness 
Certifications: 
Certified Solidworks Expert by Dassault Systemes (CSWE) 
Certified Solidworks Professional (CSWP) 
Certified Solidworks Professional 
Advanced Sheet metal (CSWP-SM) 
Professional Experience: 
Present Employer: Srinsoft Technologies 
March 2016 to Till Date Role 
: Design Engineer 
Job Profile: 
Responsible for the development of solid model with the help of 2D layout as per standards. 
Efficiently drafting, detailing, section with BOM, GD&T, Machining Symbols, etc. 
Product Automation & design Optimization using solidworks tools and 
API Programming 
Creating a customized parts in Autodesk Inventor by using iPart and iLogic 
Understand the project and make the estimated time to complete the project. 
Design calculations of the boiler pressure vessel parts and then modeled and detailing for fabrication 
Employer: Best Engineering Aids & Cons (P) Ltd 
April 2014 to March 2016 
Role : Engineer - Technical 
Job Profile: 
Responsible for the development of solid model with the help of 2D layout as per standards. 
Provide a training to our customers Developing a project specification with colleagues, often including those from other engineering disciplines 
Projects Handled: Equipment Modelling & Detailing 
Involved to created parts of tank, dish, nozzles, RF pad as per standard dimensions and assembled it to Form a storage tank. Using Routing, Created a Pipeline (valves, elbows) between two tanks as per ISO standard. 
Using 2D drawing, created a fabricated detailed drawing and BOM. 
Core Cavity extraction of the pattern using 3D Cad Software and design the valves. 
Customization with Drive worksfor Parent product to generate model with required size, number of core plate selection, automatic shop floor drawing creation etc. 
Using Standard Structural members to form a scaffolding with customer requirements Efficiently drafting and created a cut list BOM of structural members 
Education: 
QUALIFICATION INSTITUTION DURATION GRADE/PERCENTAGE 
B.E Mechanical Engineering Saranathan College of Engineering 2010-2014 7.62CGPA HSC Nadar Higher Secondary School 2009-2010 91.9% SSLC Nadar Higher Secondary School 2007-2008 93% 
Academic Projects: 
Main Project: Analysis of Manual Steering Gear Box Performance Using Bedding Machine At Rane 
Madras Limited (RML) 
In our project, we have to reduce the rework components and time and increase the productivity using bedding machine (vehicle simulation). 
Strength: 
Team Worker 
Self-Motivating 
Ability to grasp new concepts and technologies 
Personal Details: 
Fathers Name : Varatharaj S 
Date of Birth : 21/09/1992 
Gender : Male 
Languages Known 
: Tamil, English, and Telugu 
I hereby declare that the above furnished details are true to the best of my knowledge. 
Place: Chennai Yours Faithfully 
Date : V. Gowtham 
