Mr Anand John anand.john@hotmail.com 
(+880)01772998731 Page 1 BUSINESS DEVELOPMENT COORDINATOR 
Business Development/ Market Research/Consultative Sales 
A result oriented and proactive professional with one year experience in Business 
Development and Market Research. Possess extensive knowledge and solid background in Competitive Intelligence and CRM. Excellent Business 
Development and Marketing skills focused on new upcoming markets. Good communication and people management skills. Possess consultative sales style, excellent client need assessment skills and business decision making. 
Core Professional Skills: 
International Marketing Market Research Corporate Presentations, Sales and Marketing Campaigns Cross Functional Leadership , Staff Management and Team Development 
Customer Relationship Management 
Information Technology and Operations Management 
Direct Marketing 
PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE DXN BANGLADESH PVT. LTD 
Dhaka, Bangladesh (Oct 2012- Present) 
ROLE: Business Development Coordinator 
Report to the Country Manager and the International Marketing Director. 
Manage the business operations of DXN Bangladesh Pvt. Ltd which mainly include daily sales analysis, inventory tracking, finance and bonus issue for members. 
Perform analysis on product pricing and market research. 
Additionally, supervise the IT department to ensure the smooth running of the DXN MLM Software, DXN CSS System and the DXN E Point System. 
Achievements 
Carried out the implementation of the DXN E-Point System without any flaws , thereby making the system fool proof and user 
friendly for the customers. 
Was part of the team which developed the new product pricing for DXN Bangladesh for the year 2013. 
Developed and initiated marketing campaigns for the company in all parts of Bangladesh. 
Handled the business operations of DXN in Bangladesh in the absence of the Country 
Manager. 
Handled the MLM Licensing procedures in Bangladesh for the firm effectively and therby helped the firm acquire the MLM License in Bangladesh. 
Mr Anand John anand.john@hotmail.com 
(+880)01772998731 Page 2 DXN SUDAN PVT.LTD 
Sudan, Africa (June 2012 to September 2012) 
ROLE: Business Development Executive 
Reported to the Country Manager and the International Marketing Director. 
Handled the operations and marketing department of the branch. 
Daily activities included preparing weekly and monthly reports, performing market analysis. 
Responsible for initiating marketing campaigns and business presentations. 
Organised numerous training sessions in network marketing and sales development. 
Achievements 
Effectively streamlined the price fluctuations in the market by analysing the market sentiments, thereby registering high sales output for the branch in the month of August 2012. 
Responsible for new product partnerships with world organizations mainly the 
IIMSAM, whereby the products of of the company where being delivered as food aids for the organizations operating in Sudan, Ethiopia etc. 
DAEHSAN TRADING LLC 
Dubai, UAE (April 2012- June 2012) 28th Largest MLM Company in the world, which deals in trading food supplements based on Mushroom (Ganoderma) 
ROLE: Trainee - Business Development 
Part of 10 member team with direct reporting to the International Marketing Director. 
Handled the business presentations and Marketing Plan Sessions for prospective customers. 
Involved in the daily activities which spanned sales, marketing, customer service and warehouse management Achievements 
Developed training modules in network marketing for the members mainly for Member 
Training Course as well as Advanced Career Course. 
Developed marketing and promotional campaigns for the firm which was widely accepted and appreciated by the management. 
Mr Anand John anand.john@hotmail.com 
(+880)01772998731 Page 3 EDUCATION SCMS COCHIN, Cochin, India 
PGDM 2012 
Marketing (Majors) & Insurance and Banking (Minors) 
Mahatma Gandhi University, Kottayam, India 
Bachelor of Technology (B.Tech) 2009 
Computer Science & Engineering 
Kendriya Vidyalaya Pangode, Thiruvananthapuram (Central Board of Secondary Education) 
Completed 10th and 12th Standards 
