 SURESH KOTAPATI 
Manikanta nagar, Boduppal, Hyderabad-039. 
Mobile: +91 9848 61 71 81 
E-Mail:-sureshkumarkotapati@gmail.com. 
Objective 
To work in a challenging and responsible position where my professional background can be utilized for the progress of the organization and to update myself with the latest technology, so as to enable myself to establish in future. 
Education 
MBA from Samskruti College Of Eng & Tech Affiliated to JNTU , in 2010. 
B.Com from Sri Pratibha Degree College, Affiliated to 
ANU , in 2008. 
Intermediate from Sri Sai Jr. College , in 2004. SSC from Z.P High School,Voletivaripalem, in 2002. 
Employment History 
Worked as a accountant in SPARK HOSPITALS, Uppal, Hyderabad. 
From: - Jun12 to May16. 
Worked as a accountant in GOLKONDA ENG ENTERPRISES LTD, Mallapur, Hyd. From:- Mar11 to Mar12. 
Spark hospitals 
Responsibilities:- 
Preparation of Purchase & sales invoices. 
Maintaining of Cash depositing in banks. 
Debtors and Creditors balance reconciliation weekly or monthly basis. 
Preparing ofCheques and entry into accounting systems. 
Preparation Cash payment & receipt reports. 
Preparation Tds reports. 
Ensure the timely reporting of all monthly financial information to the management . 
Knowledge about Banking activities, submission of bank related documents and Carried Out various Functions related with bank. Coordinated monthly payroll functions for 120+
employees Preparation of ESI and PF records. 
Preparation Vat & Cst reports 
Preparation of manual records. Involvement in the preparation of P&L & Balansheet. 
Maintaining track record of companys expenses. 
Prepared company accounts and tax returns for audit. 
Managed accounts payable, accounts receivable, and payroll departments. 
Performed general office duties and administrative tasks (Certificates renewal, Applying for new Insurances & others). 
Golkonda eng enterprises ltd Responsibilities:- 
Assigning entries to proper accounts. 
Preparation of Purchase & sales invoices. 
Preparation 
Cash payment & receipt reports. 
Preparing ofCheques and entry into accounting systems. 
Prepared annual company accounts and reports. 
Managed financial departments with responsibility for Budgets, Forecasting. 
Maintaining of Cash depositing in banks. 
Debtors and Creditors reconciliation weekly or monthly basis. 
Prepared company accounts and tax returns for audit. 
Coordinated monthly payroll functions. 
Secures financial information by completing data base backups. Suggest ways to reduce costs, enhance revenues. 
Knowledge about Banking activities, submission of bank related documents and Carried Out various Functions related with bank. 
Skills 
Packages: - MS Office - Excel, Word And PowerPoint. 
Accounting Package: - Tally ERP 9.0. 
Personal information 
Name : Suresh Kotapati 
Fathers Name : Ramamurthi 
Gender : Male 
Martial Status : Married 
Languages known : English, Telugu & Hindi 
Nationality 
: Indian 
Religion 
: Hindu 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the information given above is true to the best of my knowledge. . 
Date : Place : Hyderabad. 
(Suresh Kotapati). 
2 
