Vishal 
Tel: +91-9999102375 | E-mail: vishalbedinz@gmail.com 
International Sales Manager, with experience of managing various operations successfully coordinating the activities of various departments concerned with the administration, pricing, sales, and distribution of products & services. Comfortable working with people of all levels and having an excellent commercial approach to solving problems and developing business processes. Having proven people management skills, with the ability to manage performance and motivate staff on an individual and team level. Now looking for a new and challenging managerial or consultancy position, one which will make best use of my existing skills and experience and also further my personal and professional development Profile Snapshot 
A dynamic and a motivated professional with over 6.5 years of commendable international work experience in Data-Center services, Cloud Sales, Operation Management, Customer Relationship Management and Team Management. Experience in selling Network and IT Solutions including Data Centre, Colocation, hosting services, Cloud, Managed services, Security solutions, Managed infrastructure services, System integration services, Applications etc. Ability to plan, organize and manage multiple projects and set priorities. 
Ability to manage operations within budgetary constraints. 
Exceptional problem solving skills. 
Superb organizational and administrative skills. 
Can work within an ambiguous and fast-moving environment. 
Producing Operations manuals which define how the business is to be run. 
Establishing metrics to define success. 
Clearly communicating instructions and information to staff. 
Encouraging, identifying and developing best practice strategy. Ability to shift priorities to adjust to changing business demands. 
Competent in Basic Microsoft Office programs. 
Ability to interpret and assess future business needs. 
Always trying to achieve the highest level of customer satisfaction. 
Successful track record of increasing revenue and pushing business development. 
Creating a workplace atmosphere where all employees feel at ease ad motivated to work. 
Areas of Expertise 
Business Operations 
Resource Planning Office Management 
Sales and Communication 
Staff Training 
Talent Development 
Customer Orientation 
Team Handling 
Employment 
Venture Cloud Services Ltd. (NZ) November, 2012 till June 2016 Manager 
International Channel Sales & Operations Handling International cloud channel partners Develop and strategically execute sales plan for target markets Schedule appointments, deliver presentations and proposals and engage account till final closure 
Develop a strong sales pipeline Complete the monthly / quarterly revenue target successfully Account management and growth 
Maintaining customer relationships in order to promote positive word our mouth to gain new customers 
BNZ Oct, 2010 till November, 2012 Assistant Operations Manager 
Managing sales and operations team of 20 to 25. 
Managing daily team activities and ensuring that daily operations run smoothly. 
Driving Team adherence and managing monthly scheduling. 
Working with the team to reduce the volume and time of outstanding service requests. 
Maintaining and improving key performance measures, proactively managing customer issues and acting as the first level escalation for the team Recruiting and selecting staff that will fit within the team and meet key criteria for the role Managing the KRAs of the team members and monitoring their performance in terms of realization of quality results. 
Conducting appraisals and complete performance management processes with team as per agreed cycle Ensuring team compliance with approved SOPs & processes. 
Providing first level team management with regards to the following administrative tasks e.g. (roaster, leaves, discipline, punctuality etc.) Interfacing with internal support teams (HR, Facilities, IT Support, Telecoms and Transport) 
Conducting weekly/reviews to the Management on key deliverables. 
Conducting One-One with the team and scheduling Monthly Team meetings. / Feedback and Coaching 24*7 Environment 
Speed Bros IT Solutions (NZ) Sept, 2009 - Oct, 2010 Office IT Manager 
Managing team of 6 to 8 software/hardware engineers Organizing office operations and procedures Developing and implementing new administrative systems, such as record management 
Overseeing the recruitment of new staff, sometimes including training and induction Ensuring adequate staff levels to cover for absences and peaks in workload, often by using temping agencies Carrying out staff appraisals, managing performance and disciplining staff 
Delegating work to staff and managing their workload and output, Plan and manage shift rosters 
Responding to customer enquiries and complaints Maintaining Business Development databases Vodafone (NZ) 
Apr, 2009 - Sept, 2009 Sales Representative 
Lead Generation and Cold Calling 
Setting appointments with Customers. 
Prepare quotations & proposals as per client requirement. 
Creating awareness by promotional activities. 
Increasing the sales, according to the target. 
Establishes, develops, strengthens and maintains relationships with people at all levels. 
Preparing periodic sales report showing sales volume, potential sales, and areas of proposed client base expansion. 
Scholastics 
MBA (Business & Management) (2009) B Tech in Computer Science (2008) Personal Skills 
Ability to work under time pressure. 
Drive and desire to succeed. 
Sound decision-making skills. 
Excellent listening and empathy skills. 
Willing to work rotating shifts, weekends, and holidays. 
Willing to travel as necessary. 
