JUNEED BABA 3rd Cross, Shivaramiah Layout +91 9419016155 
babajuneed@gmail.com 
IT Infrastructure Architect 
with experience in start-ups as well as established operations leveraging expertise inorganization, computer networking, and problem solving to provide exceptional user support and assistance in resolving conflict. Experience includes managing sensitive materials and providing after-hours support for clients. Compellingly supply just in time catalysts for change through top. 
WORK HISTORY 
05. 2013 - present 
CAPGEMINI INDIA LINUX ADMINISTRATOR RESPONSIBILITIES 
Building and decommisioning of Unix/Linux servers. 
Creating and working on a change, logging a case with Hardware and Software vendors. 
Well equipped with LVM management. 
Proficient with installation, configuration & administration of Linux Systems. 
Troubleshooting Network issues, Disk usage issues, Patch management. 
(OS & Kernel upgradation), Bonding, Multipathing, Managing User Accounts, ACL . 
Configuration of Nagios, Chef, Yum Server, FTP, NFS, Telnet, SSH, DNS, Apache. 
Management of Web server, Clusters. Automation development in Python. Creation and implementation of Bash/Shell scripts, Ruby. 
Working of AAA protocols, openSSL, IPSEC 02.2012 
04. 2014 Rooman technologies 
Windows Administrator 
Morning checks of systems/software. 
Performing backups of data. 
Working with Agile Development Methodology. 
Applying operating system updates, and configuration changes. 
Installing and configuring new hardware/software. 
Adding/deleting/creating/modifying user account information, resetting passwords. 
Answering technical queries. 
Responsibility for security. 
Responsibility for documenting the configuration of the system. 
Troubleshooting any reported problems. 
System performance tuning. 
Keeping the network up and running. 
Qualifications 
Graduation: 
Bachelor of Computer Application from Caset College of Science and Engineering 
Technical Expertise : 
Building and decommisioning of Unix/Linux servers. 
Creating and working on a change, logging a case with Hardware and Software vendors. 
Well equipped with Disk management such as LVM partitions, RAID etc. 
Proficient with installation, configuration & administration of Linux Systems. 
With skills as Troubleshooting Network issues, Disk usage issues, Patch management 
OS & Kernel upgradation, Bonding, Multipathing, Managing User Accounts, ACL etc. 
Knowledge of working with Puppet, Git, Devops and AWS Cloud services such as EC2, VPC, Well versed with configuration of Nagios, Yum Server, FTP, NFS, Telnet, SSH, DNS, Apache 
Web server, working with clusters etc. 
Creation and implementation of Bash/Shell, Python, Ruby scripts. 
Routing and networking knowledge including TCP/IP, UDP, NAT. 
C/C++ programming and debugging skills in embedded real-time systems. 
knowledge of Linux development tools gdb, eclipse, buildroot etc. 
Knowledge of Security Test Packages. 
Technical tools Nagios, Esxi, Vmware, Host-Info, Orca, Cacti, Putty , Wiki, Virtual desktop, Tumbleweed. infrastructure (VDI). 
Service Now, ITSM, BMC remedy. 
Operating System : 
Red Hat Linux, Cent OS,Win 8/7/vista/xp. 
Certifications & trainings Red Hat Certified Engineer 
Date: Jan 11, 2016 
Current Until: Jan 11, 2019 
Technologies : 
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 Red Hat Certified System Administrator 
Date: Dec 16, 2015 
Current Until: Jan 11, 2019 
Technologies : 
Red Hat Enterprise Linux 7 CCNA Routing and Switching Training 
MCITP Training 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
Name 
: Juneed Raj Baba 
Date of Birth : 17/01/1990 Gender : 
Male Nationality : 
Indian 
Address : 
HBR layout, Bangalore 560043. 
Juneed baba 2 
