RAKESH SHRIVASTAVA 
CIPP UK Legislation, one year Diploma in Business Management - CIM 
Mobile: +91 9849800909 
E-Mail: rak0508@yahoo.co.in Middle Management Professional 
Finance & Accounts Payroll Operations and Service Delivery COMPETENCIES PROFILE SUMMARY 
Financial Management Finance and Accounts MIS Reports 
Internal Audit/ Budgeting Payroll Management 
Project Management Project Execution 
Service Delivery Process Transitions 
Quality/SLA Management Operations Training/ Skill Enhancement Auditing & Compliance 
Client Relationship Management 
Team Management 12 years of experience in Finance & Accounts, Payroll Operations, Process Improvements, Employee Engagement, Client Engagement, Data Analysis and Operations Management 
Demonstrated excellence in managing end-to-end operations, setting up new processes and process transitions Hands-on-experience in Payroll Implementation (HR Build, Payroll Build, Configuration, Data Migration, Parallel, Switch Live, Change Management, XML), etc. 
Adept in handling payroll processing function, Ensuring end to end payroll processing, assessment and filing of statutory returns, Skilled in handling entire payroll cycle which include data management, payroll process, payroll reports- end of year, taxation and fringe benefits 
Skilled in identifying & defining processes, sub-processes & activities; development & review of process flowcharts & risk control matrix, testing of design and operative effectiveness as well as remedial solutions 
Comfortable interacting with multiple levels of Teams, Management and staff from different locations 
At ease with budgetary challenges, deadlines, and high pressure situations. 
Possess strong leadership, analytical and ownership abilities CORE COMPETENCIES 
Finance and Accounts 
Shouldering responsibilities of finance function. Proficient in all areas such as Payroll Reconciliations, GL, AP, AR, reconciliation of financial statements, finalization of books of accounts and financial reporting. 
Handling internal and external audits. 
Analysing MIS & other reports; evaluating them for facilitating decision-making process Payroll Management 
Proficient in understanding and setting up the complete transition of new payroll business. Right from implementation and end to end payroll processing function. 
Subject Matter Expert in analysing the nitty-gritties of the payroll and tax calculations and adept in handling payroll operations Operations Management and Service Delivery 
Contributing to increasing the operational efficiency through Lean Methodology and Kaizen 
Proficient in managing day to day operations and service delivery through capacity planning, resource allocation and monitoring the daily dashboards. 
Projects Handled Project Highlights 
Product Support / Enhancements Worked with Product teams to get the product enhancements executed into product, completed UAT of the enhancements, with efficiency gain and adding to enhanced employee experience (Savvion & Siebel Implementation) Lean/Kaizen Projects Handled Standard Payroll Model project, deployed Savvion BPMS. 
Led Lean Project looked at end to end process to bring efficiency gains through automations and lean. 
Quality Checking Process 
Implemented Quality Checking process across team resulting in reduction of external errors by 45% and improving overall NPS scores 
DM 
Time Tracker Tool Successfully Implemented Time Tracker Tool for recording daily productivity, timelines and effective MIS, for UK clients, serviced out of ADP India. 
Quarterly Letter Process Automation Successfully implemented Quarterly Letter Process Automation improving TAT and Accuracy by 100% 
ORGANISATIONAL EXPERIENCE 
Since May10 ADP Private Limited, as Assistant Manager - UK Payroll Operations with ADP Private Limited 
Key Result Areas 
Accountable for overseeing service delivery, process improvements, performance management, employee engagement, client engagement, rolling out SME roadmaps as well as service delivery of off-shored operations for 200,000 payslips (ADP Freedom Managed Service Clients). 
Responsible for End to End Payroll activity for Managed and Process Clients (Includes end to end Payroll Processing, Employee Contact queries, Payroll queries management with clients. 
Leading a team of 15 associates with responsibilities covering goal setting, appraisal, incentives, resource utilization, work management and career management Supervising Quality, Associate Engagement, BU Engagement, Talent Management, Talent Retention, Knowledge Management and Compliance 
Leading 2 level BU engagements on weekly, monthly and quarterly basis through BU calls with Operational and Senior Leadership 
Leading service delivery of EOY / P11D activities 
Highlights: 
Essayed a vital role in executing: 
Kaizen Project - Evolving the Standard Payroll Model and off shoring more activities to India; without change in productivity Cross Utilisation Project - Enabled efficiency improvements and productivity improvements; accomplished savings 20% FTE and enabled improved visibility and reporting. 
EOY / P11D Project, managed the EOY and P11D service delivery from India 
BPM Tool Deployment (Savvion) 
Operational deployment of moving Managed Service in to Savvion BPM including documentation, training and ensure process adherence Led onshore and offshore change management initiatives to move all external reporting to use ADP secure delivery; effectively utilised Savvion to enable this change Facilitated organisation structural changes to enable cross-utilisation, clear lines of ownership and talent development Successfully designed and effectuated the Performance Management System to enable to efficiency improvements, service delivery and enable reward /accountability 
Carried out NPS analysis to provide interesting insights to stake holders across ESI countries, to take necessary improvement actions. 
A very good working knowledge of the UK legislation which has helped enhance the client engagement as well as the associate engagement 
To act as a primary contact for process updates with an aim of enhancing the product / process skills & knowledge levels of both self as well as the team members Implemented various quality tools like Fishbone analysis, Kaizen workshops & reengineering process by Value Stream Mapping, COPIS methodology 
Janr09 - Apr10: ADP Private Limited, as Assistant Manager - UK Payroll Implementation with ADP Private Limited 
Key Result Areas 
Guided a team of 38 associates, Payroll Implementation Operations with team of 38 of UK, which accounts for receiving the inputs from UK on a day to basis (HR Build, Payroll Build, Configuration, Data Migration, Parallel, Switch Live, Change Management, XML), handling of Payroll Implementation queries (in bound and out bound call), in terms of performing day to day Operations. 
Involved in: 
Successfully transition new process remotely like ezlm Management, CRM Footprint tool, PDS Client setup thereby streamlining Implementation process Instrumental in reducing implementing cycle from 25 weeks to 21 weeks. 
Publishing the weekly & monthly dashboard to the offshore and onshore management teams for further analysing, controlling and forecasting the operations. 
Leading the team towards achieving the monthly SLA targets and reporting the same to the Management and driving the team towards the process improvements and automations within the process aiming at improving the efficiency and reducing the time and effort To act as a primary contact for process updates with an aim of enhancing the product / process skills & knowledge levels of both self as well as the team members. 
Responsible for teams goal setting, appraisal, incentives, resource utilization, work force management and career management. 
Attending weekly call & monthly call with UK team on the basis of Performance report to discuss the issues and Improvements and then work for the closure of the issues with the action plan 
Julyn02 - Jan09: GENPACT ( 100% subsidiary of General Electric) 
Worked as Domain Expert Trainee ( Certified UK Legislation from Edesel ) for UK Payroll Process of Pharma Major. 
It is end-to-end payroll process with 12 associates, which covers activities like:- Key Result Areas 
Instrumental in migrating Payroll Database from HR Capita to CICS Payroll Database of 22K employees ( provided by Northgate) 
Raising payments for 22K employees salaries, Inland Revenue and other third parties 
Payroll inbound & outbound call, & Payroll Account Reconciliation, 
Sarbox testing & Payroll year end closing and ensuring Process BCP/DRP 
Worked closely with the UK Process Owners in terms of new updations and also getting sign off by incorporating the same in the SOPs Perform running of Monthly payroll jobs to close the Months Payroll within the Payroll Timetable 
Driving the team towards the Process Improvements within the process aiming at improving the efficiency and reducing the time and effort Improving the Process communication levels of Team between various Up steam & Down stream process for seamless service delivery. 
Review of the Payroll Inputs on a daily basis and raising the red flag for out of scope inputs as per the advices from the Process Owner. 
Handled team of four members as Process Developer & Handling entire team audits, preparing Employees VIC. 
Identifying the training needs for team members to develop the interpersonal skills and soft skills for existing team members and new joinees Successfully transition UK Payroll Process to India and in charge of preparation of SOP and process maps. 
Handling Pension Contributions and making payments to pension providers (Hewitt, Paymaster) Successfully closed Seven Lean Projects leading to storage solution, enabling easy retrieval, reducing paper and accuracy improvement. Awarded Team Star Award, Individual Star Award (200.00 pounds), best lean project among GSK Process, Silver Award of 52000 Cheers Points (Cash prize of Rs. 7500/-) for outstanding performance and contribution towards process improvement. 
Certificate of appreciation from the CEO for contribution towards transition and appreciation from Clients for outstanding work during transition. 
Outstanding VOC from the Client among all the GSK Process. 
Successfully completed UK Legislation Training with Merit. 
US Payroll Processing: 
In charge of Employee Pay check taking into consideration of all benefits and processing Earnings and Tax Adjustments 
Calculation of all thirteen GE business employees Federal, State, City & County earnings and taxes and fixing the errors. 
In charge of correct pay slip pre and post payroll inputs the payroll closing thereby client getting the correct pay slip and responsible for necessary corrections. 
Providing employees correct earnings and taxes report to issue correct W2 at year end. 
Quality Check among internal team & taking Weekly Conference Calls. 
Created innovative approach to process and reduce process time by 15% (Shortcut to PMPR List) Initiated Training Modules in Process & Successfully completed two US Payroll closing Rewarded best lean to find business details for the purpose of taxes calculation. 
Created innovative approach to process and reduce process time by 20% (Excel Functions) 
Dealt with one of the Critical reports (DDO111) in Process with good accuracy. 
Certified from GE Crontonville on Achieving Personal Goals Course. 
Team extra miler award winner for yearend closing within the required time 
Highlights: 
Attended training on UK Legislation - Tax, NI, SMP/SAP/SPP/SSP and P11D 
Led transition for 1 Service Models and service delivery for 22000 payslips 
Successfully built and increased team size from 4 to 12 within a span of 12 months Pivotal in designing and implementing Performance Measurement System and SLA & Operations Benchmarks 
Instrumental in designing the Career Pathing in line with growth and ensured talent retention and employee engagement 
TRAININGS ATTENDED 
Change Management Program conducted by ADP Training Team in 2016 Situational Leadership & Stellar Service Training conducted by ADP Training Team in 2016 CIPP UK Legislation (Certified Process Practitioner) by BP Group, UK in 2011 IT SKILLS 
Well versed with MS Office, Internet Applications, Microsoft Visio and MS Project 
EDUCATION 
Successfully completed one year Diploma in Business Management Program with Central Institute of Management 
M.Com from Osmania University in 1998 
B.Com. from Bangalore University in 1994 PERSONAL DETAILS 
Name 
: RAKESH SHRIVASTAVA. 
Fathers Name : 
Late S.K.SHRIVASTAVA. 
Date of Birth : 05-06-1974. 
Passport Number : E3445939. 
Languages Know : English, Hindi, Telugu . 
Residence : 
H.No: 24-6/9, Plot No: 47, Vishnupuri Colony,Malkajgiri, Hyderabad 47 , Teleangana LinkedIn Profile : https://in.linkedin.com/in/rakesh-shrivastava-5693172a 
