Curriculum Vitae 
Name: Yogesh Suresh Murudkar 
Date of Birth: 18th September 1988 
Nationality: Indian 
Marital Status: Single 
Permanent Address: C/505, Hazara CHS, 
Near Gurudwara, Bhakti Dham Mandir Marg, Everard Nagar, Sion Chunabhati, Mumbai 
400 022 E-mail address: yogesh.murudkar1988@gmail.com (mailto:yogesh.murudkar1988@gmail.com) 
Mobile number: +91 9870947226 
Objective: To be a part of a well known and reputed organization where I can enhance my skills and even serve that organization with my hard work so that I can be one of the helping hands in the growth and reputation build up of that organization. 
Academic Qualification: 
B.Sc in Hotel & Tourism Management I Class. Diploma in Hotel & Tourism Management II Class. 
SSC 
I Class. 
Other course: 
Proficient in computer knowledge & knowledge of MS Office. 
Work Experience: (Total Experience: 4 years & 2 months) 
Industrial Training of 6 months at Hotel Le Grande (Andheri-E) from 1st September 2009 to 28th February 2010. 
Organization: Freelancer. 
Location: Mumbai. 
Designation: Freelance HR Professional. (Recruitment) 
Duration: March 2016 till date. (4 months) 
Organization: Smaaash Entertainment Pvt. Ltd. 
Location: Mumbai. 
Designation: Executive HR. (Recruitment & Operations) 
Duration: 6th February 2015 to 23rd November 2015. (9 months) SMAAASHis a sports-centric entertainment center is jointly ownedby Mr. Shripal Morakhia,Mr. Sachin Tendulkarand sponsored by no. 1 sports networkStar Sports India. 
Grown from20,000 sq. ft.to over1,50,000 sq. ft.in the heart of Mumbai it is the first of its kind interactive experience, bringing to you the perfect balance of virtual and real which includes Simulated Sports like Cricket,Football,F1 Racingetc. &Paintball,Bowling&Sky Kartingas well. TheSMAAASHcricket lanes enableLIVE cricket playusing theHawk-Eye&Bolatechnology. Other locations at Gurgaon & Hyderabad. 
The countrys premiere Urban Sports Zone creates stirs and totally flame grilled with scrumptious food ranging from cuisines like Mexican, Indian, European, Oriental and Italian etc. at their sports caf bar and various outletsHiley Duley,Sholaa,Cu Panetc. located at various hot spots. 
Responsibilities: 
Recruitment of different positions of junior, mid and senior level management for all departments. 
Recruitment through Advertisements, Job Portals and Walk-Ins, Internal References, Head Hunting, Poaching, NGO tie ups, Campus recruitment, Social & Professional Networking Sites. 
Identifying new strategies for recruitment and advising management on hiring and compensation guidelines. 
Developing and maintain a strong network of contacts to help, identify and source quality candidates. Review applications to identify and arrange and conduct interviews with the most promising candidates. 
Handling upcoming multiple locations across India for recruitment & HR operations. 
Coordinating with HR consultants & vendor management for outsourced recruitments. 
Assets managements for new joiners. 
Knowledge of Oracle for assets requisition to be raised in system. 
Handling onboarding, induction & exit formalities of employees. 
Issuing ID cards, completion of documentation of candidates. 
Ensuring filing is completed within given time frame. 
Preparation of Offer Letters, Appointment Letters, Confirmation Letters, Warning letters, Transfer Letters, etc. 
Coordinating with Insurance Company for claims & Addition, Deletion or Correction of employees for Mediclaim, Term Insurance & Workmen Compensation. 
Handling complete staff manning of organization by timely updating the actual & sanctioned strength Handling Performance Management Appraisals for employees. 
Employee Relationship Management & Handling Grievances of employees. 
Employee engagement activities such as Birthday celebrations, staff monthly meetings. 
Making MIS reports, maintaining employee database & personal files. 
Good knowledge of Ms. Excel such as formulas & Vlookup. 
Creation of new process & policies and revision for the same. 
Support to payroll team in making different reports to process payroll. 
Monthly Birthday mailers & employee confirmation mails to respective HODs. 
Organization: deGustibus Hospitality Pvt. Ltd. 
Location: Mumbai. 
Designation: Recruitment Coordinator. 
Duration: 24th February 2014 to 16th December 2014. (10 months) 
deGustibus Hospitality Pvt. Ltd. was established in early 1966 by principals, Rahul & Malini Akerkar, to develop and run high quality restaurants, hotels and F&B related activities. The company enjoys a reputation as one of the finest hospitality companies in India, with the very successful restaurants Indigo, Indigo Delicatessen, Neel and Tote on the Turf, and the fine catering venture, the Moveable Feast, under its umbrella. 
Responsibilities: 
Identifying new strategies for recruitment. 
Developing and maintain a strong network of contacts to help, identify and source quality candidates. Review applications to identify and arrange preliminary interviews with the most promising candidates. 
Advising management on hiring and compensation guidelines. 
Manage the recruiting process to meet hiring goals through the use of effective resource management. 
Contacting candidates, following-up with candidates, and managing candidate pipeline. 
Scheduling interviews, briefing and debriefing candidates before and after interviews. 
Maintaining timely documentation of all conversations with candidates within our internal database. 
Assisting in generating leads from conversations with candidates. 
Handling Joining formalities. 
Issuing ID cards, completion of documentation of candidates. 
Ensuring filing is completed within given time frame. 
Recruitment through Advertisements, Job Portals and Walk-Ins, Internal References. 
Discussing offer and negotiating the offer with the candidate. 
Conducting aptitude test of the candidates. 
Organization: Diverse. 
Location: Mumbai. 
Designation: Senior Executive HR. 
Duration: 1st August 2012 to 13th December 2013. (1 year 4 months) 
Designation: Executive HR. 
Duration: 1st August 2011 to 31st July 2012. (1 year) Diverse is a specialized recruitment partner for the Hospitality, Retail & F&B Industry. Recruitment Outsourcing Service for New & Upcoming Projects with a centrally coordinated team to deliver Quality candidates, in time, through a process driven approach, right from Sourcing 
Selection 
Joining. 
Responsibilities: 
Identifying and attracting top-performing professionals to fill job openings. 
Developing and recommending recruiting strategies to ensure a successful search in a given time frame. 
Working with hiring managers and HR personnel to determine staffing needs, along with minimum qualifications and skills required for open positions. 
Developing and maintain a strong network of contacts to help, identify and source quality candidates. Review applications to identify and arrange preliminary interviews with the most promising candidates. 
Screening and referring top candidates for additional interviews. 
Consulting with hiring managers on staffing. Advising management on hiring and compensation guidelines. 
Manage the recruiting process to meet hiring goals through the use of effective resource management. 
Managing team and allocation of work. Create a comprehensive job description based on hiring manager specifications to be used to present to candidates and to post to job boards. 
Contacting candidates, following-up with candidates, and managing candidate pipeline. 
Scheduling interviews, briefing and debriefing candidates before and after interviews. 
Maintaining timely documentation of all conversations with candidates within our internal database. 
Assisting in generating leads from conversations with candidates. Presenting candidates to our management team, applying high quality standards. 
Understanding requirements, searching the most suitable candidates for the position. 
Recruiting candidates through cold calling, references, job portals etc. Developing contacts and using it for recruitment as well as for getting insight knowledge about the company. Coordination for interview scheduling & conducting preliminary round of Interview. Discussing offer and negotiating the offer with the candidate. 
Conducting aptitude test of the candidates. 
Associated with regular client interactions, follow-ups and relationship building with firms corporate clients. 
Recruitment through Advertisements, Job Portals and Walk-Ins, Internal References. 
Screening and Scheduling Interviews of candidates. Monitoring and maintaining candidate database. Keep a track of Employees to be confirmed and ensure that the letter is given to the employee on the date of confirmation. 
Involved in all personnel functions like Creating and maintaining Employee Database, personal files. 
Coordinating between the corporate offices and HR Department of all Clients. 
Organization: WH Smith. 
Location: Mumbai. 
Designation: Customer Sales Associate. (Pre-Opening Team) 
Duration: 1st November 2010 till 10th February 2011. (3 months) 
The 1st retail outlet of WH Smith (UK) British retailer, headquartered in Swindon, Wiltshire, England in Mumbai at the Mumbai International Airport at Terminal 2B, Mumbai. 
Responsibilities: 
Team management. 
Inventory Management 
Looking after the sales & the billing section of the store. 
Merchandising of products. 
Languages Known: 
English. Hindi. Marathi. 
Hobbies 
Driving & Surfing the internet to widen up my knowledge. 
I hereby state that the above information is true to the best of my knowledge. 
Date: 
Place: 
Yogesh S. Murudkar 
