RAMYA. B. L. 
No.3363, 2nd Cross, 6th Main, R.P.C. Layout (Hampinagar), Vijayanagar 2nd Stage, Bangalore 560104 
Contact: +91 80 23403461, +91 9448373461; Email: ramyabalaji79@gmail.com Objective 
Use my skills and abilities in the organization and grow professionally. Contribute to the growth and welfare of the institution/organization and in the process evolve and grow as a professional. 
Professional Summary 
Presently working as a Lead Catalog Content at Fashalot.com 
The Job Profile requires me to Prioritizing, scheduling and assigning of catalog requests among team members for maximizing productivity. Also work on catalogs such as seller data quality control, catalog creation and all other things that go live on the Mobile Application. 
Quality control of all the visuals and content that goes live online. Maintain records of day-to-day work by updating trackers to reflect work done. 
Robe mall India pvt limited (zovi.com) worked as Senior Co-ordinator Virtual Merchandising Division. (August-2014-Jan-2015) 
The Job Profile requires me to overlook the entire process of a product from being sourced from merchandisers to the preparation of digital visuals with complete specifications to be launched on the website after a thorough evaluation of the same. 
FASHIONARA.COM INDIA PVT LIMITED worked as Sr.Product Supervisor (Creative Team)( Apr-2012-August-2014) 
Co-ordinating with the Merchandising Team and get the products from the brand or companys warehouse for the photo shoot. 
Keeping the track of all the products received for shoot by entering its details on excel byentering inward and outward dates. 
Preparing Monthly Report with the help of Pivot table and optimize Turnaround Time. 
Using Magento software to enable the products to go online. 
Ensuring proper quality of the images (received either from the studio or from the vendor) that are made visible online. 
Freelance Content Writer (Empanelled content writer for Dayananda Sagar College of DistanceEducation) Written a Courseware for Establishing of BPO organization-A strategic view and Telemarketing. For Karnataka StateOpen University, Mysore for MBA (BPO) course. 
24/7 CUSTOMER.COM PVT LIMITED Oct-2009-Apr-2011 
Worked in Customer Relations (Non-Voice)for a US basede-commerce company Handling the customer queries regarding the products/Services & their Warranties, Escalation of the same to the same if necessary to the respective divisions/departments when needed. Tracking shipments & providing Logistics details. 
SAMPOORNA SHIKSHA Feb 2009-Sept 2009 
The firm engaged in Enhancing the employability skills Worked as a Training coordinator. 
Carried out the tasks of marketing in the domain training and orientation classes. 
Establish and maintain healthy business relations with customer, enhanced customer satisfaction and facilitating the training program 
I SOLUTIONS Apr 2004-Dec 2008 
A Loans Processing Unit of ICICI Bank Ltd. (formerly apnaloan.com) Team Leader, Customer Support & Sales, Personal Loans Division (Since Apr 2006) Joined the organization as Senior Executive (Customer Support & Sales, Personal Loans Division) &successfully attained promotion within a span of 2 years for consistent performance & hard workrendered. 
Generate business from various sources for the company while establishing healthy businessrelations with clients & external associates for securing repeat business & long term customerloyalty and worked towards solving their queriesand complaints efficiently. 
Responsible for providing the best & effective service to dealers/ clients. Ensure timely servicedelivery as well as collections from the clients within the stipulated credit period of the companyand maintaining smooth operations across the units. Liaise & maintain strong business relations with the existing Corporate/HNI/SEG clients in thebank.Third parties to generate extra revenue for the verticals. Coordinate with all wealth management team for training, MIS, joint calls and launching contests. 
EDUCATIONAL CREDENTIALS BACHELOR OF COMMERCE 2001 (Bangalore University) MASTER OF COMMERCE, WITH MANAGEMENT AS AN ELECTIVE SUBJECT2004 
University of Mysore. 
Pursuing Diploma in Retail Management at Indian Institute of Materials Management. 
COMPUTER KNOWLEDGE 
Operating Systems: MS-DOS, Windows 95, 98, 2000, XP Software: Tally 6.3, MS-Excel, Word, Power Point (97, 2000, and 2003), Working knowledge and use of e-commerce software like Magento (back end software)and Chakra software for inventory management. 
PERSONAL INFORMATION 
Date of Birth: December 14th, 1979 
Languages Known: English, Hindi, Kannada, Tamil & Telugu 
Hobbies: Watching Movies, Listening to Music, Traveling & Cooking. 
RAMYA.B.L 
DATE 
