RESUME JASWINDER SINGH VILL-ASALPUR, TANDA ROAD HOSHIARPUR,PUNJAB Id:jsaini315@gmail.com Phone:9465386265 
Objectives 
To pursue a professionally satisfying growth and challenging career. Seeking a quality environment where my knowledge can be shared and enriched for the growth of the organization and self. 
Summary ofExperience Working as a desktop support L2 engg in Future focus infotech project of IBM .I Have 1 year exp in IBM Project & Total 3 year vast experience in the field of Computer Hardware & Networking& 2 year exp in SCORE INFO TECHNOLOGY in same field as a TECHNICAL SERVICE PROVIDER.. 
Expertise 
Identifies, diagnoses, and resolves Level One problems for users of the mainframe, personal Computer software and hardware, Printer and Internet and new computer technology. 
Provides one-on-one end-user problem resolution over the phone for user approved Personal Computer (PC) software. 
Delivers, tags, sets up and assists in the configuration of end-user PC desktop hardware, software and peripherals. 
Diagnoses and resolves end-user network or local printer problems, PC hardware problems and mainframe, e-mail, Internet, WLAN and local-area network access problems. 
Coordinates timely repair of PC computer equipment covered by third-party vendor maintenance agreements Able to work independently and within a team-spirited environment. 
Good knowledge and understanding of the network infrastructure and protocols such as TCP/IP, HTTP, etc Desktop (PCs, Laptops and Peripherals) hands-on experience for both hardware and software & VIDEO conferencing . 
Helps install local area network cabling systems and equipment such as network interface cards, hubs and switches. 
Work Experience 
Company :Future Focus infotech project of IBM In John Deere India pvt ltd from 7 may 2015 
Designation: desktop support l2 engg 
Company:score information technology, Delhi from 2 may2013 to APR 15. 
Designation:Technical service provider 
WEB SERVER :IIS ,DNS,DHCP,FTP NETWORKING :LAN ,WAN,SWITCHING LINUX :INSTALLATION HARDWARE :PRINTER AND COMPUTER clerical 
:MS-OFFICE,INTERNET,Punjabi typing 
CTC - 
2.16 Lakh per annum Job Responsibilities 
Managing user accounts and giving share & security level permissions. 
Responsible to install, set up, maintain network and also configure the peripherals, cabling and equipments accordingly as per the requirement. 
Responsible for maintaining the company strategy like designing, implementing and maintenance of enterprise network components. 
Responsible to monitor whether all the components are available for successful communication. 
Responsible for maintaining the Backup network, hardware, software, files on a regular basis accordingly as per the company policies. 
Timely analyze whether any repairs or replacements is needed. 
Managing data base of server & creating new users accounts. 
Responsible for configuring & troubleshooting SWITCHES. 
Responsible for troubleshoot Microsoft windows issues. 
Monitoring complete network & providing network statistics. 
Responsible for the installation of operating system windows 7. 
Responsible for the installation of softwares like antivirus, MS-office, adobe & acrobat reader etc. 
Responsible for maintaining the network & troubleshooting the network related issues. 
Responsible for maintaining & troubleshooting network printers. 
Responsible for troubleshooting Internet issues. 
Responsible for sharing the network printers. 
Academic Qualification 
Academic: 
BCA from PTU with 71% aggregate complete in 2014 & DIPLOMAfromG.E.S POLYTECHNIC COLLEGE in 2011. 
Aggregate 
54.8% Matriculation passed with 58% marks from Punjab school education board in 2007 CCNA, MCITP,fromHCL CDC. 
Windows 2000, XP, Server 2008. 
Ms office excel, word, PowerPoint,outlook, Hardware & networking etc., Assets 
Hardworking, Self-confident, meets deadlines on task entrusted and ample analyzing capacity. 
Takes Initiative and no additional directions are required once work is explained and assigned. 
Hobbies 
Listening, Travelling With Friends 
Reading Books. 
Net Surfing. 
Personal Information 
Material status : Single. 
Date of Birth : 13-11-1991 Languages Known : English, Hindi and Punjabi 
City 
: Hoshiarpur 
POSTAL CODE : 146001 
State : Punjab 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that the above information furnished is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
-Jaswinder Singh 
