Swarnavo Sengupta 
Program, Project Management; Program Office- PMO; IT Service Delivery 
Goregaon West, Mumbai, India | Tel: +
91 9930916224 | E-mail: swarnavosg@gmail.com | DOB: 10.02.1982 PROFESSIONAL, PERSONAL SUMMARY 
Forward-thinking Program/Project management, Sourcing and Supply chain professional with experience driving large-scale, mission-critical initiatives to support organizational objectives. Motivated by challenges that foster business acumen to assimilate solution for organization while helping evolve to a leadership role 
Im strongly focused on delivering tangible results through strategic vision and being able to execute. Building collaborative teams delivering value to customers and partners. 
My experience is bolstered by MBA degree and majors in IT and Marketing. 
My hobbies are swimming, having swum competitively at a state level. Im an avid movie fan especially sicfi but most of all enjoy spending time with my family. 
FEW CALL OUTS 
The Reliance project, our broader LCD initiatives, as well as the entire ASPT team benefited from your untiring efforts to support the RJIL IPMLS project, which is the largest 4G rollout in world's history. We in the leadership team are very grateful for your contribution which collectively as a team and via various channels saw the ASPT APJC team driving in excess of $2.5m worth of cost savings in this project alone. Your contribution is very much appreciated...! 
Kenneth Siow, Head of Advanced Services Partner Alliances Team, APJC at Cisco 
I would like to recognize, and thank you for the support extended on ground for our largest 4G IMPLS project at Reliance Project. Your effort on this project helped AS Partner Team drive some of its key strategies enabling us pick up key elements of partner deliverables in this challenging environment. I am thankful to you for driving key Partner Consolidation, Preferred Partner model initiatives. 
Sam Abraham, Strategic Partner Manager at Cisco 
Hi Swarnavo - Thanks for your great support to GDC in FY15. With your great effort we were managed to lower down the partner cost in FY16 and also contribute AS P/L by getting rebate from partner.In FY16 
I hope we could continue strengthen our collaboration andbuild up better partner structure in APJC to optimize our resources model. Looking forward to continue work with you and your team in FY16! 
Wen Hong, Director at HCL Technologies 
Social Platform References: www.linkedin (https://www.linkedin.com/in/swarnavosengupta).com/in/swarnavosengupta swarnavosg.wix.com/swarnavosengupta (http://swarnavosg.wix.com/swarnavosengupta) 
www.projectmanagement.com/profile/swarnavosengupta (http://www.projectmanagement.com/profile/swarnavosengupta) Program Management Specialties: 
Envisioning and Initiating: 
Project Charter and Business Case: Defining Project Scope boundaries In scope/Out Scope 
Requirements Baseline: Ability to facilitate proof-of-concept, prototyping, interviewing/workshops or other techniques of gathering requirements. 
Core Team: Developing an organizational chart (OBS) for core team based on the roles in a matrix environment with responsibilities of the stakeholders. 
Statement of work (SOW): 
Scope Statement and Baseline: Base lining and instrumenting Deliveries 
Scope Breakdown: Applied decomposition techniques to document breakdown structures that break-up the deliverables into work packages that can be estimated and to facilitate risk assessment. 
Project Plan: Ensuring that the project plan is complete, and determine the overall project plan for use in managing and controlling during project execution. 
SOW (Schedule and Cost): 
Task and Duration Estimating: Ability to create tasks and their sequence given the scope statement/description of services at sufficient enough detail for duration estimate to be developed. 
Schedule Development and Baseline: Able to select and perform appropriate mathematical analysis (e.g. critical path method, schedule optimization), gain acceptance, create the schedule baseline and the process for schedule change control. 
Cost Development and Baseline: Able to allocate overall costs to tasks, associate any billing codes, gain acceptance, and create the cost baseline and the process for cost change control. 
SOW (Resource and Planning): 
Resource Plan: Ability to develop the resource plan with resource utilization skills addressing how resources are brought onto and taken off the project as supporting detail to the project plan. 
Resource Acquisition: Ability to execute the staffing management plan and allocate staff communicating responsibilities, authority, performance measurement criteria. 
Communications Plan: Establishing plan for time reporting and project status reporting processes, managing the dissemination of routine and non-routine communications including publication cycles. 
Communications Infrastructure: Executing the communications plan including user acceptance and training sufficient to ensure internal and external reporting/communications 
SOW (Risk Management and Quality): 
Risk Assessment and Risk Plan: Identify roles, assign risk owners, responsibilities and levels of authority for management and decision-making, and develop contingency plans, implementation criteria, and alternatives strategies as supporting detail to the project plan. 
Risk Management and Reporting: Executing the risk plan, implement corrective action, mitigation, workarounds, update the plan and report status. 
Quality Plan: Developing quality plan addressing metrics, productivity, rework, and any processes or standards that are developed to increase stakeholder satisfaction Quality Management and Reporting: 
Perform inspections, reviews, and walkthroughs to ensure quality efforts meet compliance in accepted, rejected, or rework criteria, updating project plan and status reports Performance, Benchmarking and Closing: 
Project Performance Management and Reporting: Implement mechanisms to measure plan Vs actuals, record progress, and conduct ongoing analysis of variances, risks, and changes, as well as update/revise the project plan and metric based status reports Acceptance and Transition: Ability to gain formal acceptance and sign-off of the project by the sponsor or customer and validate that all conditions of commitment have been met. 
Supply Chain and Sourcing Specialties: 
Sourcing StrategiesDemand Management, TCO, Outsourcing, Localization 
Vendor Management / Supplier Relationship Management 
Spend Analysis, Value stream mapping, Value addition 
Contract Negotiations 
Change Management 
Technology DeploymentERP Purchasing and eProcurement, Project Management, Business Analytics / Data Visualization 
Process Development / Improvement and Automation 
WORK ENGAGEMENT HISTORY 
Program Manager at CISCO, Randstad 
2014 Nov 2015 Nov 
Partner lead, Head PAN India - APJC + 250 Partners organizations supporting Reliance 4G IMPLS network (worlds largest 4G rollout) Partner Relationship management Partner Landscape, Matrix Craftsmanship 
Partner Portfolio Management, Partner capability and capacity Management 
Partner On boarding/ Empanelment 
Partner Sign up (PSSA), Partner Engagement Platform -Process optimization techniques 
Pricing control with Governance and Negotiations 
Partner empowering Framework Partner Categorization and Profiling- Technology, channel, staff Augmentation and Managed Service Partners 
Partner Supply Capacity planning- Information Gathering, Partner Capacity Tracking, Identification of gaps & appropriate fulfillment Partner Engagement Optimization- Building structure and governance around the Partner communities/ elements, including internal/ external partner coordination and KPI based tracking Growth strategy with key alliances and ecosystem partnerships, working in close alignment with Sales, Product Management and Services Delivery 
Actively involved with developing, identifying and incubating new partnerships and empowering our Channel partners to be successful through close collaboration with X-functional teams. 
Managed US $14M Partner spent and contributed 1.2% to FY14 total AS P/L margins globally through cost-savings impact initiatives of US $ 2.5M -FY15 
Partner Landscape and fragmented Spent Consolidations: +250 partners consolidated to 36 Partner base 
Key Initiatives conducted implementation of Preferred Partner Model 
Some prime focus areas: Strategic Sourcing, Professional Services, Stakeholder Management, Partner Management - empanelment and development, Services Management, Ops and Program strategy, Operational Excellence, Cost reduction, Change Management, Supply Chain. Change Management. 
Sr. Project Manager at i3 Software, IBM 
2014 JAN 2014 JUL 
Transformation of business on Cloud & Smarter Infrastructure solutions at Tata Telecom Limited (TTSL) 
Project Planning & managing 16 + technical/ functional team members. On Demand shared resource pool mapping and engaging Principal point of contact for the executive steering committee, project managers / project sponsors Staffing initiatives- planning and deployment at client locations and required project phases 
Successful Go-Live of fault management system and performance management system- IBM TIVOLI suite Project Manager at SRS Consulting, CISCO 
2012 DEC 2013 DEC 
Leading a sensitive initiative to build a platform to generate revenue for Learning@CISCO Global Successful Lunch / GA to 90+ countries, engaging and managing global engineering team, - Release Road-map management, stakeholder expectation management, P&L accountability, Vendor management. 
Cross platform implementation- Windows, Mac & Mobile versions- Android and IOS 
Onsite/Offshore Delivery framework engaging Global engineering diversified teams 
Key role in executing the initiative encompassing the strategic decisions to achieve GA excellence Agile Program methodology- determining and controlling Velocity, burn down, Iteration cycle, prioritization, project health reporting and global (phase wise) launch Procurement of software licenses for CISCOs learning business unit 
Successful GA/ Live of Dkit program across continents and 90+ countries to generate business for CISCOs learning platform 
Sr. Project Manager at CNERGYIS 
2011 JUL 2012 NOV 
Forming Customer Executive level relationships, execution strategies and approach modifications 
Driving organizational change management with PMO discipline/ process/ model introduction 
Portfolio Project Management - 'Hire-to-Fire' HR/payroll enterprise solutions. 
+ 50 SAS based Project Governance definitions with organization leadership acceptance buy in. 
Define execution methodology and approach for all SAAS executions Coach project implementer, business analyst, project managers, compliance with established standards 
Centralized Repository maintenance for status reports, work plans, proposals, change requests, etc. 
Projects: Brandix 
Srilanka| Essel Propack | Cipla | CMS | Crisil | Binani Cement | M&S | ACG |Maersk | Shell Transource | Hotel Leela | Writer Corporation 
Sr. Project Manager at Enterprise Technology Partners (ETP) 
2009 MAR 
2011 JUN Niche Retail ERP and Product Implementation in APAC region, customizations involved Inventory, warehouse, distribution and supply chain management solutions to POS implementations Role-played as a supply chain and Retail Consultant and Project Management Specialist. 
Supported in Pre-Sales endeavors and Team campaigning sessions with the organization 
Accountable for all Change Requests from Product implementation and Product Modifications, consulting to product changes and release 
Managed SLA based Support function and team L1/L2 as well as L3 Support, Project Based 
Part of EQIP Team for CMMi Level 3 certification Process Initiatives, manage and control. Played the role of internal auditor for CMMi process roll out 
Projects: 
TITAN Retail | TITAN Services- India; Camel Active- Malaysia; Prima Gold - Dubai 
Sr. Business Analyst at NEXSTEP INFOTECH PVT. LTD. 
2008 MAR 2009 FEB 
Pioneering executions in CRM and Travel enterprise software solutions in varied industry verticals like manufacturing, retail, insurance etc. Facilitate 30+ workshops with 4/6 users, across all business units to identify and access current systems and business processes including training post Go-Live. 
CRM Projects: Future Generali, Centurion Bank of Punjab, Motilal Oswal 
Expense/Travel management Projects: Apollo Tyres Ltd, Cadbury India Ltd, Schneider Electric India Ltd, Reliance Capital, CRISIL 
Business Consultant at NIIT LTD. 
2004 DEC 2006 SEP Inducting Corporate Training and Business Development capacities Wipro, Sales Tax, Indian Bank, Sanofi Aventis, West Bengal State Electricity Board (WBSEB), Food Corporation of India, and Indian Air Force 
Co-Founder at Grape Communications 
2002 NOV 
2004 DEC Responsive website digitization: +30
Clientele base across India, Srilanka, Bhutan & Bangladesh 
IT Training Solution for National Hydroelectric Power Corporation Ltd. 
Sikkim, India 
INTEREST AREAS & CORE EXPOSURES 
Program/Project Management, Partner Profiling and Strategic engagement model crafting, Supply Chain Sourcing Strategies, - Demand Management, TCO, Outsourcing and Localization, Vendor Management/ Supplier Relationship Management, Spend Analysis, Value stream mapping, Cost reduction, Contract Negotiations, Technology DeploymentERP Purchasing & e-Procurement, Project Management, Business Analytics / Data Visualization, Process Development/ Improvement - Automation, Optimization, Forecast/Utilization Management, Budget and P&L Management, Integration Management, Change Management, SLAs Control and Metric driven executions, People Management, Account Management, Compliance setup: CMMi Level 4, Transition Management, Operational Excellence 
EDUCATION & CERTIFICATIONS 
Preparation for PMP certification, 47 HRS PDU accomplished 
CBAP (Certified Business Analysis Professional) with the IIBA 
Swift Joyti from NIIT. 
WIIL certified professional in HTML, MSWord, Excel, and PowerPoint. (Online) PGDM from Integrated Academy of Management & Technology, 2008 (Concentration: IT & Marketing) Graduation from Sikkim Manipal University, 2005 with 78% STD XII from Jawaharlal Memorial School (C.B.S.E), 2002 with 62% STD X from Salt Lake School (I.C.S.E), 2000 with 60% ACHIEVEMENTS & CERTIFICATIONS PMP 
Earned Value Management, PMBOK, PMI 2016, UAE- Dubai 
Process and Performance Capability, Dubai UAE, ASQ (USA) 9th International Conference on BRICS: AGENDA FOR COOPERATION December 2005-07, New Delhi 
Research paper presentation in the 9th International Conference on BRICS: AGENDA FOR COOPERATION December 2005-07, New Delhi, India 
Research paper presentation at GLOGIFT, Seventh Global Conference on Flexible Systems Management, November.2007 Organized by U.P. Technical University, Lucknow, India 11th AIMA 
RPG National Student Management Games -17th- 20th September 2007 New Delhi, India 
Organizing Inter 
College Management event MANTHAN INMANTEC, India 
Marketing Seminar on CRM- INMANTEC, India 
Executive Member of Placement Committee INMANTEC, India 
Creative Designer of INMANTEC Review Committee INMANTEC, India 
Management Quiz INMANTEC, India 
Curriculum Vitae | Swarnavo Sengupta 
http://www.linkedin.com/in/swarnavosengupta 
Page 5 
