Aarti Joshi aartijoshi1991@gmail.com 
+917774077962 
Career Statement 
To seek a challenging career in ERP as SAP professional where I can implement solutions that meet the customers requirements using software development skills and technical expertise. 
Professional Summery 
Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (HPE): (13thJan 2015 till date) as SAP ABAP Developer in Chennai. 
Having around 1.6 years of experience inSAP-ABAP. 
Experience in data dictionary objects such as Domain, Data Element, Table, Search help, Views. Developed various Classical, Interactive and ALV reports pertaining to SD, MM modules Worked on Sap-Script and Smart forms. Changing Standard SAP-Script, Modification of existing SAP- Script and Smart forms. 
Experience in transferring data from legacy to SAP system using various data transfer techniques such as LSMW (using Batch Input and Direct input) and BDC. 
Excellent knowledge on conversion techniques: BAPI, IDOC 
Excellent knowledge in ABAP Object Orientated (ABAP OO) Good functional knowledge & experience in SAP Sale and Distribution (SD) Module. 
Excellent knowledge on various documents of Sales and Distributions (Inquiries, Quotations, sales order, contracts, outbound Deliveries, Billing Documents, etc.) 
Technical Skill 
SAPR/3: ABAP,SD Module 
ITIL Foundation (2011) Certified. 
Other language: C language 
MS-office: MS-Excel, MS Word, MS PowerPoint. 
Strength 
Adept ability to see both the technical-programs and understand detail of issues. 
A dynamic go-getter and quick learner with ability to work under pressure and meet deadlines. Team player with strong ability to achieve quality results within support teams. 
Strong interpersonal skills and excellent relationship with management. 
Professional Projects 1. 
Company Name: Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (HPE) 
Project Name: SMO HP separation project 
Role: SAP Technical consultant 
Environment: SAP Version: ECC 6.0 
Duration: 6 month 
Responsibilities: 
As an SAP ABAP/4 Technical Consultant to develop and programming for classical and interactive reports, ALV Reports writing for MM, SD modules, Batch Data Communications from legacy to SAP R/3 system 
Preparing Technical & Code Review documents for the developments. 
Developed classical and interactive reports using ALVs. 
Data Migration from Legacy system to SAP R/3 using BDC methods. 
Data Migration from Legacy system to SAP R/3 using BAPIs. 
Developed BDC program for the Customer Master, Material Master and Vendor Master. 
Developed BDC program to change Vendor details using XK02. 
Added custom fields to the BAPI using Enhancements. 
2. 
Company Name: Hewlett-Packard Enterprise (HPE) Project Name: CSS (Customer service support) 
Role: SAP Technical consultant 
Environment: SAP Version: ECC 6.0 
Duration: 6 month 
Description: L3 Technical Support 
Responsibilities: 
The project responsibilities involved Application development and support. 
Development of various objects as per Technical specs and Project standard. 
Reviewing ABAP programs to ensure efficiency and fine-tuning where necessary. 
The project responsibilities also involved the development of Reports, Forms, Script, Smart forms 
Preparing technical design specification and test data preparation. 
Analysis, coding and unit testing for various tasks as per the technical specification. 
Permanent fixing of identified errors through change request. Unit testing of developed or modified program. 
Educational Qualification 
B.E. Mechanical from University of Pune, First class with distinction in 2014 H.S.C., First class from Maharashtra state Board in 2010. 
S.S.C. with First class with distinction from Maharashtra State Board in 2008 Accolades & Extra-Curricular 
Winner of model making Contraption national level event held in K.K.W.I.E.E.R. 
Certified Training on Industrial Hydraulics & Pneumatics in TAACT 
Certified for completion of SCILAB workshop offered by IIT BOMBAY 
Management committee of technical event Mecheaven 2012 Member of Prayas Youth Forum in 2013 & 2014 held in Nasik 
Member of I-MAD, a youth organization that works for the under-privileged kids Personal Details 
Permanent Address: 
D/8 Tulsi Appartment Sitagumfa road panchavati, Nashik-422003 
Current Address: No. 11, near Xcellent care hospital, Velachery, Chennai, Tamil Nadu. 
Languages known: English, Hindi, Marathi 
Hobbies: Driving, listening to music, Badminton. 
Declaration 
The above information is true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Aarti Joshi Place: Chennai 
