` Harsha PN 
Interior and Architectural Engineer (Fresher) Freelancer Web Designer. 
Email: harsha.prakash@outlook.com 
Mobile: 9986407000 Experience 
UI Developer (Web Developer) at V2Soft India PVT LTD 
June 2015 February 2016 (9 months) V2Soft 
is a company which gives a most fascinating way to provide the job opportunities to the job seekers that matches their skills and qualification 
Our prime objective is planning and designing web technologies and design technologies for clients and internal. Our design include incumbent from all level (Top to Bottom) web design, Photoshop, Sales & Marketing, Production Engineering, Process engineering, QC and QA, R&D, Administration (Technical & Commercial) of all sectors like AUTOMOBILE, IT and other service industries. 
Matha Enterprise (Own Business) 
Real Estate/Financial 
March 2012 April 2015 
We are into Auto-finance, automobile and real estate land dealers, buying and selling. We have huge clients across cities. I had to visit clients and fix up the meetings to deal with the buyers and sellers as well. Quote the value for the auto finance. 
System Analyst at CHR Solutions 
May 2010 - December 2011 (1 year 8 months) 
I worked in an IT department into Technical process. I had to train people throughout the process. Including line-up the new employees through end to end process. My job responsibilities is to maintain and configure all desktop and laptops for both internal and external clients based on requirements. Creation of New user accounts and E-mail addresses in AD and exchange. Make changes in user accounts in Active Directory based on requirements. Provide access levels in Active directory and VoIP setup. Monitor and Filter e-mail spams using internal spam filter portal. Monitor user activities and updates using Kaseya monitoring tool. Create and login tickets in MS CRM with request received through e-mails. Setting up AD and Exchange servers. Provide backup solutions using 3 different backup applications. Installation, configuration and monitoring of Anti-Virus and Malware protection consoles. 
Desktop Support at RPS Consultancy (Deputed to client location at WIPRO InfoTech) 
May 2008 - January 2010 (1 year 9 months) 
Ensuring that all Hardware equipment compiles with the dell system; installation of OS such as XP, Vista, and Win 7, Linux (Ubuntu), applications and softwares for Onsite Client. Troubleshooting and fixing the hardware and applications issues for case logged at the client onsite. Resolve the Service Requests globally south east in India. Hierarchy updates to dell tech support/ Call Closure Addition/ New Case Logging/ updates to call coordinator. Taking initiative of hard ware and OS related issues as Resident Engineer Dell Service Provider (DSP) for TESCO. Creating unattended Image of OS and Various applications and install. Helping hand as junior engineer and taking initiative in rack mounting and installation for servers. 
Technical Skills & Certification 
Design: Interior and Architect Design (Drafting, AutoCAD 2d&3d, 3ds Max and Photoshop) 
Master Diploma in Interior and Architectural Design: Drafting, Design process, Planning and Interior design, Computer Aided Design (CAD), Lighting Design and Restoration, Sketching and Presentation, Colour psychology, Landscape design. 
Certified Web Design: Coding - HTML5, CSS3, Script - JavaScript, JQuery, Data Base - MySQL, Frameworks - PHP, CakePHP, Bootstrap, WordPress and Drupal. 
Certified Technical Engineer: Windows Server 2003 and 2008, Exchange 2008, Windows XP, Vista and Windows 7/8.1/10, Red Hat. 
Education Qualifications 
St. Lourdes High School 
Higher Secondary (SSLC) 
MS Ramaiah Polytechnic. 
Diploma in Electronics and Telecommunication, EC, 2001 2005. 
Percentage: 50% Dream Zone Institute of Design Study. 
Interior and Architect Designer. 
[] Harsha PN 
Page1 
Page1 
Page3 
