SOURABH PATIL 
Email:sourabh1247@gmail.com 
SkypeID : Sourabh.patil_tal MOB: 8446890747,9907617906 
LinkedIn :https://in.linkedin.com/in/sourabh-patil-0516857a Career Objective- 
Aspiring towards challenging online media assignment which utilizes the latest technology and granular analysis to bring improvisation with a sense of ethics and vision 
Professional Experience: 
Work Experience: 
Account Manager (Publisher Support - Opera Media Works), Talentica Software Pune, June15- Present 
Responsible for all operations in Mobile Advertising like provisioning new customer, campaign insertions and optimization etc. 
Managing and developing client relationships through the full life-cycle of the account: pre-sales support, on boarding, ongoing account management and monthly reviews. 
Maintain Publisher/Ad Network Management. 
To help new customers in understanding the work flow of the system. 
Prepare & analyze detailed complex reports for external customers. 
Trouble shooting & analyzing the issues raised by the customer. 
Escalating issues post analysis of a problem with the engineering team and ensure follow up to closure of issues. 
Generating and interpret reporting that will yield competitive insights for our clients. 
Working closely with internal customers to ensure higher returns for end customer. 
Communicating regularly with the clients for the account performance and possible opportunities. 
QA of Account setups, reporting, data updates, file management, ad network additions, campaigns and creatives. 
Brand Control- Consultant at PubMatic India Pvt. Ltd.(November 2014 May 2015) Role &Responsibilities: 
Knowledge of internet business, Real Time Bidding, Audience targeting and PMP(Private Market Place) for Publishers. 
As a part of Brand Control Operations, worked for creative scanning, analyzing actual brand sensitivity of publisher and reporting such issues to Demand partners to avoid business losses. 
Reading ad calls to analyze and conclude actual trace of ad serving. 
Preventing brand sensitivity proactively by applying available brand control products and enhance it with manual efforts like proactive reviews. 
Co-ordinate with third party vendors of Creative scanning for Malware and Latency (The Media Trust) Closely monitor and follow-up with Account Management team for avoiding revenue lose because of brand control. 
Categorizing URLs by closely observing the sites and site contents. 
Analyzing URLs by doing QA of categorized URLs. 
Knowledge of Latency checking and monitoring. 
Knowledge of Fiddler, Basically to extract logs from mobile devices(IOS/Android) EDUCATIONAL SUMMARY 
S.No 
Degree/ Board/University Institute/School, City Year Grades Examination 
1. 
B.E. (ETC) CSVTU GDRCET, Bhilai 2013 68.65% 2. 
Class XII CBSE SSV,Bhilai 2009 62% 3. 
Class X CBSE SSV,Bhilai 2006 60% Technical Skill set- 
Ad Technology RTB, Ad networks, Campaign management,Firebug,Networking, ad server, Brand development, Report analysis, Integration process Database MSOffice,MS-Excel,MS-Power-point 
OperatingSystem Windows98,Xp,Vista,7,8 
Achievements- 
Secured 1st 
position in basketball in college level. 
Secured 1st 
position in table tennis in college level Participated in interschool tournament (national level) in table tennis. 
Participated in interschool tournament (national level) in chess. 
Strengths- 
Good motivator. 
Hardworking and sincere towards my work. 
Enthusiasm to learn new things 
I can relocate myself according to new environment. 
Quick learner and problem solver. 
Place : Pune 
Willing to relocate: YES 
Fathers Name : LT. G D Patil 
Marital Status : Single 
Date of Birth 
: 23rd 
DEC 1990 
Gender : Male 
Nationality : Indian 
Languages Known : English, French and Hindi 
