 PRABISH KUMAR.S 
No.21/8 Mangala Nagar, E-mail ID : prabishnambiar@gmail.com 
Choolaimedu, 
Ph no : +91 9884665785 Chennai 94. 
Career Objective: 
To gain greater insight into the field by exposure to real work atmosphere in a well-established organization. Also, to seek a challenging career to channelize my abilities towards individual, organizational and societal benefits which will add value both to me and to the company. 
Educational Qualifications: 
Bachelor of Computer science from SRM Arts and Science College, Chennai. Affiliated to Madras University. 
12thStandard from Madras Christian College , Chetpet, Chennai. Year of passing 2012, accomplished in First Class (66%). 
10th Standard from Kendriya Vidyalaya Gill Nagar, Chennai. Affiliated to CBSE. Year of passing 2010, accomplished in First Class (78%). 
Work Experience: 
Working with Stayzilla.com as a Co-Ordinator for Teams like Online Reputation Management, Supplier Relationship and Escalation (Operations). 
Key Responsibilities: 
Handling Social Media portals like Facebook, Twitter and Instagram. 
Reply to Accommodation Partners queries and maintain sync with the internal team. 
Help customers with their accommodation needs and assist them to use the product effectively. 
Pick calls with un-satisfied Accommodation Partners to understand their need. 
Keeping close watch on competitor products. 
Convince Accommodation Partners to provide best rates so as to close the sale effectively. 
Manage the floor on behalf of the TL, whenever need arises. 
Actively contribute to team activities and events, to motivate the rest of the team. 
Effectively capturing and recording Accommodation Partners/Customer requirements in thebackend to provide agreat stay experience. 
Computer Skills: 
Programming Languages : C, C++, HTML,Visual Basics 
Operating Systems : Windows XP, Windows 7 
Packages : Microsoft Office Personal Overview: 
Highly motivated & self-Driven 
Readiness to face challenges Effective Communication Skill 
Willingness to learn 
A good communication and strong team player Strong organizing capabilities & good at people skills Decision making abilities & strong believer in work Ability to deal with people dramatically Achievements/Interests: 
Worked as an Event organizer With Cloud Nine Entertainment 
Worked with Skylark HR solution as a recruiter Been a part of the debate team since school Organized various Departmental and college Festivals 
Music - I have an avid interest in music 
Seminars/Papers Presented and Worhshops attended: 
Presented a seminar on Android Operating Systems. 
Presented Paper on System Network And Ethical hacking. 
Attended Workshop on Business development skills. 
Personal Profile: 
Name: S.Prabish Kumar 
Father's Name: N.K Suresh Babu 
Date of Birth: 07-02-1995 
Gender: Male 
Address: No.21/8 Mangala Nagar, Choolaimedu, Chennai - 94 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that the above-mentioned information is correct up to my knowledge and I bear the responsibility for the correctness of the above-mentioned particulars. 
Date : 
Place : S.Prabish Kumar 
