 Manikandan AR 
Mobile number : +91 9686023649 
Email: mani.ramesh689@gmail.com Carrer Objective 
Seeking an opportunities to utilize my skills, abilities and interests as on new technologies that enhance and gives me exposure and expertise. 
Summary Currently working as an IMS Engineer in Mindtree Ltd., Bangalore, since 12th Nov 2014 to June 17 2016. 
Extensive experience in Active Directory and Exchange related issue. 
Extensive experience in SEP server and Microsoft Lync Server 2010 and 2013. 
Flexible and Versatile in adapting to new environments and working on any tasks/projects assigned. 
Well versed in client communication with excellent interpersonal communication skills with ability to work successfully as a Team Member and capable of taking Leadership roles when permitted. 
Quick learning capabilities with ability to blend with the work environment Professional Experience 
Working as an IMS Engineer in a Shared services model supporting multiple customers on different domains. Providing extensive support to the project by performing below tasks as part of day to day operations. 
Responsibilities: 
Handle designated L1 tickets Handle escalated tickets from L0 
Ensure help is sought/escalation happens within stipulated time. 
Ensure any event which could escalate into an issue from Customer is brought to the attention of his/her manager or shift in-charge in a timely manner Ensure SLA and productivity norms are met. 
Identify and flag opportunities for additional SOP creation/modification of SOP s to Level 1 engineer/SME 
Achieve a productivity of 12-15 L1 tickets in a shift. 
Support escalations from L0. Convert escalations to SOP/revise existing SOP s, train L0 engineers periodically. 
Ensure all tickets worked on has correct entries in the ticketing tool, including emails written to customer and other teams in the course of ticket resolution. 
Ensure positive, proactive contribution towards meeting SLA and productivity norms 
Project: Shared services 
Client : Internal Mindtree Support Domain : Windows Server administration (Active Directory, Antivirus, Lync and Exchange management console) Role & Responsibilities: 
AD Related Responsibilities: 
User account creation 
User account Deletion/Re-activation 
Exit Clearance 
WebEx Administration 
DL/SL creations Service Account creation 
SAM ID creation 
Hostname Deletion / Stale Entries / OU Movement 
NOMAD Access / BitLocker Encryption 
EMC Responsibilities: 
Email related issues. 
Email tracing 
O365 migration outlookconfiguration 
AV Related Responsibilities: 
Handling USB Port Unlock Request. 
SEP AV related report. 
Lync Server Responsibilities: 
Creation of SID id. Modification of SIP id. 
Project 2: Finn one and BRMF 
Client: Fullerton India. 
Domain: MySQL (L1 level tasks) 
Tasks performed: 
Performing backup tasks for MySQL DB. 
Triggering the backups and monitoring the status for successful completion. 
Backup tasks are performed by using the client tool through remote sessions. 
Skills Summary 
Tools 
MWatch tool (Monitor, Measure, Manage) 
Active Directory AD toolkit V 5.0 and AD Module for Windows PowerShell 
Exchange Server 2010 Exchange Management Console and Exchange Management Shell 
Lync Server Microsoft Lync Server 2010. 
SEP Server Symantec Endpoint Protection Manager 
Operating Systems Windows XP/7, Unix/Linux. 
Database MySQL Other Technical Skills Html,Css,Javascript,Mysql 
Achievements: 
A Team Award for displaying exemplary team spirit in Mindtree Ltd. 
Certifications and Trainings: 
Advance Hardware and Networking Certification. 
Java/Linux course done by CSC Computer Education. 
Education: 
B.E (CSE) May 2013, Anna University of Technology, K.L.N. College of Engineering, Sivagangai. 
Polytechnic, March 2009, K.L.N. Polytechnic, Madurai. SSLC, April 2006, Matriculation, MNU Jayarajnadar Annapackiyam School, Madurai 
Personal Profile: 
Father s Name: Ramesh Warlal 
Date of Birth: 8th June 1989 
Gender: Male 
Nationality: Indian 
Languages known: English, Tamil, Sourashtra. 
Other Activities: Playing 
Cricket and Listening music 
Declaration: 
I hereby declare that all the details furnished above are true to the best of my knowledge and belief. 
Place: 
Signature 
Date: 
