 CURRICULUM VITAE R.SRINIVASAN 
Contact Mail: richardsri88@gmail.com | Ph: 9902017149/7204896066 
Portfolio Link : 
https://www.behance.net/gallery/33166523/Digital-Media-Designs 
WHAT AM I 
A dynamic, creative, team spirited and determinedindividual and a valuable team member, contributing quality ideas and work for an organization. Or to be simple and precise. 
WHERE HAVE I WORKED 
Lead Gen Executive - at Strategic Outsourcing Services(2011) 
Generating new leads for the business operation Following up on the leads generated Coordinating with the business development team on closing leads and signing deals. 
Graphic Designer at Soch Communication ( 2013) Creating Banners ,Hoardings, Brochures, Website Templates for real-estate Companies. 
Designing other necessary creatives like cover pictures, facebook ad creatives and application skins Graphic Designer at QwikCilver Solutions Pvt. Ltd (Giftbig.com 26 Aug 2013 to Aug 2014) 
Creating Home page Banners for website, Gift Cards for different brands , Micro sites, Google Ads, Flyers, E-mailers & other necessary creatives for the marketing campaigns 
Helping the social media manager with necessary creatives for the social media posts across different platforms. 
Designing other necessary creatives like cover pictures, facebook ad creatives and application skins Creative Designer at BBDO (Gurgaon 2015) Creating Home page Banners for website, , Micro sites, Flyers, Wireframe, Creating Gif animation & other necessary creatives for the marketing campaigns Helping the social media manager with necessary creatives for the social media posts across different platforms. 
Designing other necessary creatives like cover pictures, facebook ad creatives and application skins. 
EDUCATIONAL QUALIFICATION 
Pre University Collage 2008 (PUC in B.E.S College ,Bangalore) Bachelor of Commerce 2011 (B.Com in Boldwin Methodist College Bangalore) 
Specialized in studies oriented with Income Tax, Cost Accounting and Management Accounting. 
WHY PICK ME 
A valuable team player and a long term asset to any organization. 
Generally considered the go-to guy around, but also the one who wants to keep learning The one who lives his job Always an eye for watching out good designs 
Learner through day and night Experienced in hands-on working with team employing different modes of online marketing such as SMM, SEM and email marketing. 
Key Skills (Softwares) - Adobe Photoshop - Corel Draw - Illustrator 
Personal Details 
Fathers Name : P.Rathinavelu 
Permanent Address 
:PragathipuraBanashankari, Bengaluru -560082, Karnataka 
Date of Birth :10/9/1988 Marital status : Married 
Nationality :Indian 
Languages Known 
:Tamil, Kannada & English, Hindi, Telugu 
Hobbies : Listening Music,Watching Movies 
Declaration 
I hereby declare that all statement made by me are true, complete and correct. to the best of my Knowledge and belief Yours Sincerely Srinivasan.R 
