 AMITAVA DEY Email Id: amitabha.dey@gmail.com (mailto:amitabha.dey@gmail.com) 
Contact: - +91 9830647014 
Permanent Address: 115/A, Dr. Saroj Nath Mukherjee Street, Po 
Uttarpara, Dist 
Hooghly, Pin 712258, West Bengal 
DOB 24/01/1985 
Objective: 
To seek a responsible role and a challenging career in a growth oriented industry, this will create and impact on the company development and also enrich my personal and professional skills. 
Employment Experience: 
Schoolguru Eduserve Pvt Ltd. 
Role: Assistant Manager (Content Services). 
(March 2015 
Till date) 
Associated with Content Production in East Zone. 
The efficient video recordings and content service at the East zone studios. 
Handle all academic related issues. 
The first level quality check of the content delivered by the faculty viz. ppt format, spell check, dress code, adherence to lesson plan, Content Research. Coordinate with the local editors for handing over raw videos and receiving edited videos. 
Ensure regular flow of videos from the regional studios to HO. Coordinate with faculty member and solve their query. 
Provide Content, Virtual class, Video lecture, ICT support to BU E-Learning (Burdwan), RBU E-Learning (Kolkata), NSOU E 
Learning (Kolkata), KKHSOU E-Learning (Guwahati) programme. 
Creation of digital courseware (videos, presentations, reading material, etc.). 
Online Assessment Strategy. Management of course delivery. 
Manage all kinds of Educational Accounting and Audit related work. 
Seminar & Workshop: 
UGC-DEB Sponsored National Conference Emerging Pedagogical Issues and Priorities in B. Ed. Special Education through ODL Mode (June 10th 2016), Organized by School of Education, Netaji Subhas Open University, Kolkata. 
Three-day National Capacity Building Workshop on Institutional OER Policy Organised by School of Professional Studies Netaji Subhas Open University In collaboration with Commonwealth Educational Media Centre for Asia (CEMCA-COL) 01-03 June 2016. 
UGC-DEB Sponsored National Seminar on Challenges & Opportunities of University Administration in 21st Century (13th May, 2016) organized by Netaji Subhas Open University. 
International Conference on Teaching 
Learning Methodology under Open and Distance Learning(5th March, 2016), organized by School of Professional Studies, Netaji Subhas Open University. 
UGC-DEB Sponsored NATIONAL SEMINER on Emerging Trend in Corporate & Taxation 
Laws. (Friday, 9th January, 2016), jointly organized by School of Professional Studies & School of Vocational Studies, Netaji Subhas Open University. 
UGC-DEB Sponsored National Conference on Open Educational Resources Organized by School of Professional Studies, (1819 December 2015), Netaji Subhas Open University 
UGC-DEB Sponsored NATIONAL SEMINER on Issues and Challenges of Teacher Education in India. (Friday, 11th December, 2015), Netaji Subhas Open University 
Workshop on Enhancing Teacher Education Through OER Jointly organized by School of Education, NSOU & TESS- INDIA. (19th November, 2015) 
UGC-DEB Sponsored Two-Day National Workshop on Capacity Building for Teachers of ODL Institute. Organized by School of Professional Studies - Netaji Subhas Open University (3-4 September, 2015) 
UNIVERSITY OF CALCUTTA (Department of Philosophy) 
(January 2015 March 2015) UGC SAP DRS (Phase-II) Programme in the Department of Philosophy, University of Calcutta. 
Role: Secretarial Assistance. 
Secretarial Assistance for 3 (three) months purely on temporary contractual basis in connection with the UGC SAP DRS (Phase-II) Pragramme in the Department of Philosophy, University of Calcutta. 
Seminar: Two day National Seminar on Classical and Contemporary Epistemology: Indian and western Perspectives (Under UGC SAP DRS Phase - II Programme). 
Organized by: The Department of Philosophy, University of Calcutta (3 & 4 March, 2015) EDI (Entrepreneurship Development Institute) (Freelancer work) (November 2014) 
Role: Guest Faculty. 
Associated with cluster development program with MSME Kolkata. 
Worked as a guest faculty of Financial Management. 
PricewaterhouseCoopers Service Delivery Center (Kolkata) Private Limited (KSDC) 
Role: Associate. 
(October 2012 December 2013) 
Worked in Audit, Tax (US Corp tax Federal/State, Transfer Pricing tax) and Assurance services. 
Worked for client offices in US, UK, AUS, Bermuda and Canada. 
Follow Assurance Policies, Procedures and Assurance Standard. 
Verification and Valuation of assets and liabilities. 
Detection of errors and fraud if any in the books of accounts. 
To examine whether the methods and principles of accounting practice have been duly adopted and properly applied in the accounts prepared. 
To analyze whether the financial position of the concern has been reflected truly or not in the final accounts. 
100% Compliance with Audit clients and competitors restrictions. 
US Corp tax preparer (Federal/State Tax). Return preparation of (1065&1120) i.e. Partnership and Corporation return preparation respectively. 
AMT (Alternate Minimum Tax) Calculation. 
GOSYSTEM analysis and tax preparation with Global Office. 
Superforms for guidelines of preparation returns. 
Corptax software for tax preparation. 
Transfer pricing Tax. 
Risk Assurance services like SAS 70, SSAE 16 preparation Type I and Type II Assessment and Flowchart Preparation in MS- Visio. Key ratio calculation and Control testing analysis. 
Financial Statement analysis, Cash flow statement and fund Statement. Analytics of XBRL. 
FAS analysis for various financial funds. Critical analysis of financial statement of PwC SDC Audit client. Support service for FS US and FS Canada Engagement Team. 
Financial Reporting, AccountsPayable, AccountsReceivable of Financial Statement. 
Funds Mathematical accuracy check. 
General Assurance audit services for TOD (Test of Details) and TOC (Test of Control) testing. 
Lead Schedule preparation, Roll forward and Trial Balance Mapping with the help of Aura Software. 
EGAs Roll forward for Gather Evidence (GE), Planning and Completion Roll forward. 
Aura health check preparation for analysis the various controls (TOD, TOC, Substantive analytics) for respective Audit units of the firm. This is overall control testing. 
Worked on CES (Central Entity Services) for Counterparty and Compliance Group (CCG). 
Data core (India) Pvt Ltd (Member of Kuljian (USA)-DC group) (April 2011 March 2012) 
Client: Deloitte Kolkata in GTPC team (Transfer Pricing). 
Role: Finance Associate (Contractual) 
Worked in Deloitte as the part of the advisory (consulting) department to evaluate companys financials. 
We have to evaluate annual reports, key ratios, 10K reports etc. Benchmark Analysis. 
Research on the product wise breakup in respect of the companies. 
Manual and Web Review American companies. 
Segment Analysis of Indian companies. 
Worked on the live project called NCS. 
Comparable search North America, Europe, and APAC. 
Annual Report Review of Indian and Italian companies, Elopak & Fujifilm Report review. 
Financial Analysis, Ratio Analysis and Company Analysis. 
Working on following financial data base: 
PROWESS: Centre for Monitoring Indian Economys; CAPITALINE PLUS: Corporate Databases ; ONESOURCE: (An International database); AMADEUS: (An International database); OSIRIS: Search strategy; KOMPASS: Worldwide B to B company search engine. 
Educational Qualifications 
Masters of Commerce (Accounting & Finance) from Goenka College of Commerce and Business Administration, University of Calcutta, 2008 (49.10%) 
Bachelor of Commerce (Hons.) from the Raja Peary Mohan College, University of Calcutta, 2006 (62.38%) 
Higher Secondary (Commerce) from Uttarpara Amarendra Vidyapith, (W.B.C.H.S.E), 2003 (60.80%) 
Madhyamik Examination from Uttarpara Amarendra Vidyapith under W.B.B.S.E (West Bengal Board), 2001 (76.63%) 
Professional Qualification: 
Masters of Business Administration (Finance) from Meghnad Saha Institute of Technology (Techno India Group), West Bengal University of Technology, 2011 DGPA 
7.34 Trainings 
Summer Internship at Nirmal Bang secuirities Pvt Ltd 
Importance of Equity and commodity Market as prudent investment strategy- Kolkata (2 months) Synopsis 
This Project offers a valuable opportunity to take a glimpse on the importance of equity & commodity market as prudent investment strategy and how the market volatility effect the Indian stock market and the commodity market as well as the investor who invest in stock market. 
Project in M.Com 
This Project work offers a valuable opportunity to take a glimpse in the application of Japanese Candlesticks method and MACD (Moving average convergence and Divergence) in the stock market analysis for predicting and analyzing the shares value of leading software companies in India like TCS, Tech Mahindra, Infosys, ITC InfoTech and Satyam computers with the help of Prowess Corporate Database. 
Seminar: Goenka College of Commerce and Business Administration, University of Calcutta (Govt of West Bengal) 
Recent Developments in The Capital Market in India held on Thursday the 20th March, 2008 Computer Proficiency - MS Office, Tally 9.0, (Financial Accounting Course from CMC Ltd) 
I hereby declare that the above given information is true to the best of my knowledge . 
AMITAVA DEY 
