NareshBathula Artist, Designer and Visualizer 
Hyderabad, India nareshbathula.nid@gmail.com http://www.behance.net/nadeswasu1 
OBJECTIVE 
Seeking for a great opportunity to transition my creative career goals now that I have knowledge in Art &Design . I would appreciate any opportunity to start a successful life. 
I have unique and innovative skills that can be a major asset to any company or entity. 
PROJECTS 
Consulting Projects: 
Project#Janaganamana By NEWS LAUNDRY, New Delhi. 
This is explanatory video about Janaganamana, Ive worked 2D animation in this, Follow the below link of this project. 
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Re7e9Q60PsQ Watching IPL With A Bookie ScoopWhoop presents CHASE Ep. 2, Ive been part in this project, Ive worked small part Info motion graphics Follow the below link of this project https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLEoU89xW2k UI/UX Project at Nesorance, 
The programing for kids product tool, I was working as graphic designer, I was enhanceing their produt tool UI visualization, Enhancing motion comics and art direction. 
Testing tool in different schools. 
Individual Projects: 
Class Room Project: Be and Let Bee 
Medium: 2D Animation 
Description: This project was about humans and their ignorance towards environment for their self-centred subconscious happiness. 
Holographic Projection Mapping for Product Display (For 34th Convocation, NID) 
The display was about promoting works of Young Designers13. Which was a holographic projection that engaged on lookers to standby see the whole 6 minutes (approx.) visuals. 
Follow the below link of this project https://vimeo.com/84969963 
Group Projects: 
Title: Ctrl+Alt+Del 
Medium: Pixilation 
Description: This project is about the gamification of our lives because of the constant evolving and distracting technology and the price we pay for it in our daily human real interaction. 
Title: Bubleebejan prosthetics 
Medium: Stop Motion 
Description: This project revolved around the idea of prosthetics being commodities which is being recycled in the financial sense of it and how human are collaterals of the same. 
Projection Mapping (For 33rd Convocation, NID) 
The display was put up at Design Vision Centre, which was projection mapping on a Renault static prototype. It was a team effort and my role of content developer, animation and editing. 
https://vimeo.com/80245005 
WORK EXPERIENCE 
New Delhi, India 
May 2016Present 
Newslaundry 
Designer as a Design Consultant (Conceptualization, UI visual designing, art direction and motion graphics) Chennai, India 
August 2015January 2016 Nesorance 
Graphic Designer as a Design Consultant (Conceptualization, UX visualization, UI designing and art direction) Hyderabad, India 
July 2015August 2015 
Think plus 
Freelance Designer (Conceptualization, Character designing, Illustrations and art direction) Hyderabad, India 
Feb2015July2015 
My Dream Store 
Freelance Designer (Conceptualization, web campaigning advertising, Illustrations and art direction) Gurgaon, India 
Feb 2014Oct 2014 Salt Experience Marketing pvt.ltd. 
Sr.Art Visualizer (Create designs, concepts, and develop Visual graphics and Illustration) Bangalore City, India 
Jan 2013May 2013 
Studio 56 Pre-production (Script, Story boarding, Character Design and Direction) Internship 
This project was based on Panchatantra stories and fairy tales. 
EDUCATION 
Ahmadabad, India 
Jun 2010Dec 2013 National Institute of Design 
PG Animation film Design 
Hyderabad, India 
Jun2005 Apr 2009 Jawaharlal Nehru Architecture and Fine Arts University. 
Bachelordegree in fine arts in Painting. 
Hyderabad, India 
Aug2009 Apr 2010 Jawaharlal Nehru Architecture and Fine Arts University. 
Masters in fine arts in Painting.(With drawn in good standing). 
LANGUAGES 
English(Fluent),Telugu(Native),Hindi(Conversational) SKILLS 
Design Thinking, Story Boarding, Illustration(Digital and Manual), Graphic Design, Photography, Painting(Digital and Manual), Creative Direction, Experimental Animation and AV Editing. 
SOFTWARE SKILLS 
Adobe Photo Shop,Adobe Illustrator, Adobe After Effects, Adobe Premier Pro, Adobe Indesignand Final Cut Pro. 
PERSONAL DETAILS 
Name : NareshBathula Date of Birth 
: 25-09-1986 Marital status : Single 
Contact No : +91-9441650252 
Passport No : G2090130 
