 Pavel Weinstock 
CONTACT INFORMATION 
Mobile: +972 (54) 6302915 
Email: pashav1@gmail.com 
SUMARY OF QUALIFICATIONS 
12 years experience of work in Israeli TV& internet companies. 
2.5 years of management and finance assistance. 
Skilled in strategic planning and implementation. 
PROFFECIONAL EXPERIENCE 
2013- 2015 Executive producer & Operations director at Ynet portal video studios department. 
Collaborating with R&D, marketing, content and financial departments 
Integrating partners video streaming products (LiveU, Matrix, NewTech ) Strategic planning & execution of Ynet video services Coordinating customers video streaming events 
Coaching 
internal teams Budget planning, reducing operating costs of Ynet video department Technical support of Ynet TV Studios 2010- 2015 Founder of Weinstock productions. 
Providing TV services for local & foreign channels as a producer, director and content editor. 
Multimedia image making for local businesses. 
PR campaigns for nonprofit organizations. 
2007- 2013 Program Producer & TV Director at the Knesset TV 99 , 2 Channel News 
Company, Israel. 
Managing multitasking processes in terms of hard deadlines. 
Producing & supervising of 30 weekly and daily political programs, live parliament and committee sessions. 
Developing concept of TV programs Managing field crew and the studio teams (approximately 40 people) 2002-2005 TV News Director and Program Producer at the Second Channel News Company, Israel, Russian department. 
Directing & Producing daily news programs, analytical weekend news programs, breaking news, special broadcasts. 
Coordinating incoming news material for the reporters and editors. Analyzing and gathering the broadcasting material. 
2001-1998 Administrative & Financial Manager at the Center for Multimedia Assisted 
Instruction of the Hebrew University of Jerusalem. 
PROJECTS 
Regional producer for historical TV series, channel TVCi Russia. 
Multi-Camera directing, reality show Big brother (3 seasons), Channel 2 Israel. 
TV programs Director& program editor, RTVi international channel. 
External Content Consultant, Celltick Software Technologies Ltd 
EDUCATION 
The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, Social Sciences Faculty, Economics Department, 
Bachelor s Degree 2000. 
Java/Html programming course, The Hebrew University of Jerusalem, 2001. 
RELEVANT SKILLS & EXPERIENCE 
Hebrew, English - fluent, Russian - mother tongue, German basic level. 
Software: Microsoft Office, Premier Express, superior Internet literacy. 
Developed learning ability, initiative approach and creative touch. 
