Sahil Dubb Address: - Qt .No 321-E Rail Coach Phone No:-9646440191 
Factory 
Kapurthala, Punjab E-mail:- dub.sahil@gmail.com 
Current : 
Software Developer at Horntell (Product based Funded Startup) in Gurgaon. 
Previous: Software Developer at Clicklabs pvt Lmt . 
Total Experience : 1.5+ year Experience in Software development. 
CAREER OBJECTIVE: 
I want to be an asset for the organization by using my academic knowledge and skills in the best possible manner. 
ACADEMIC CREDENTIALS:- 
Qualification University College / School Year of Passing Percentage 
B. Tech (CSE) PTU RIEIT 2015 (July) 73.15% 
Intermediate C.B.S.E Kendriya Vidyalaya 2011 60.8% High School C.B.S.E Kendriya Vidyalaya 2009 81.6 % Technical Skills 
Android Programming, 
Java C++, Data Structures and Algorithms, OOPS Concepts. 
Android Technical Skills : 
UI Development (Android), , Fragments ,Activities, Google Maps ,Bluetooth Android, android apk debugging , Push Notifications Android , Sqlite Database , GCM ,FCM , Android 
SDK , XML and JSON parsing, Web Services , KML Google maps , Broadcast recievers,Window manager Android 
Problem solving skills using Algorithms PROJECT DETAILS 
Live 
Link : http://horntell.com/ Project Title 
Horntell SDK Android 
Platform Android Programming 
Role Build it in a team and did some enhancements. 
Description 
It customize the notifications of Android in a Bob.and all the notifications will be Actionable Cards.You can perform any action on the cards .In the bob there are many cards in the form of notifications. We can do anything on the cards , we don t want to open the app . Basically , this is the replacement of Apps. 
PROJECT DETAILS 
Live 
Link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.yojek.android&hl=en Project Title 
Yo-Jek (On demand Vechicle) Platform Android Programming 
Role Build it from scratch alone Description 
Book ride online and drives picks you from your current location (Pick up and drop up concept like Ola and Uber ) PROJECT DETAILS 
Live Link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.carrus.carrusshipper 
Project Title 
Carrus Trucks(On Demand trucks) 
Platform Android Programming 
Role Build it from scratch alone Description Book Truck Online and Truck comes to pick up cargo PROJECT DETAILS 
Live Link : https://play.google.com/store/apps/details?id=com.fastvan.customer&hl=en 
Project Title FastVans Platform Android Programming 
Role Build it from scratch alone with senior team Member Description 
Use Fastvan app for Courier, delivery and removal services. This is an ultimate app for shipping and tracking your parcel in real time. 
With Fastvan, you can book a courier or freight service instantly 
PROJECT DETAILS 
Project Title Android Automation App 
Platform Android Programming 
Description Switch on lights , fan from your Android phone using Bluetooth 
TRAINING:- Programming In Java in Netmax Technologies (Jalandhar) during the period May 2013 to July 2013 
Basic Android Programming in Techno campus(Jalandhar) during the period June 2014 to July 2014 Intern in Corouter Solutions as an Android Developer during the period 5 january 2015 to 5 july 2015 Extra Curriculum Activites: 
Event Manager in Minerva Tech fest 2013 Won 2nd prize in Quiz Competition Achievements : 
Active Participation in Lok Sabha Election 2014 as web casting Personal Abilities and Skills : 
Cooperative Management Skills , Team Work Reliable and Responsible 
STRENGTH : 
Good interpersonal / communication Skills and with good confidence. 
Decision making ability and leadership quality. 
PERSONAL DE TAILS:- 
Father s Name : Sunil Kumar Dubb 
Date of Birth : 20 May 1993 
Gender : Male 
Languages Known : English, Hindi and Punjabi 
Hobbies : Listening Music , Travelling 
DECLARATION:- 
I solemnly declare that the above mentioned information is true and correct to the best to my knowledge. I understand that if any information given above is found false my candidature is liable to be rejected. 
DATE: 
SAHIL DUBB 
